Title: ConocoPhillips After Q1 Earnings_ Is the Oil Giant Still a Buy_
Date: 2026-05-06 15:43
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/energy/articles/conocophillips-q1-earnings-oil-giant-154300633.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
Last Thursday, ConocoPhillips COP announced first-quarter 2026 earnings that surpassed expectations, thanks to continued drilling and completion efficiency. High-quality drilling inventories in the Lower 48 have brightened the production outlook of the leading exploration and production company.
Before analyzing the factors driving this positive outlook, let’s first review the first-quarter results.
COP’s Q1 Earnings Snapshot
COP reported earnings per share of $1.89, which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.73. The bottom line declined from the year-ago level of $2.09.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Total quarterly revenues of $16.05 billion beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $14.81 billion. The top line declined from the year-ago figure of $17.10 billion. For more details, read our article: ConocoPhillips Q1 Earnings Beat on Low Costs & Cash Returns.
Chevron Corporation CVX and BP plc BP are two other prominent energy companies with strong upstream presence. Both CVX and BP have already posted results.
High Oil Price to Aid COP’s Upstream Business
The price of West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude is trading at more than $95 per barrel, according to data from oilprice.com, owing to the ongoing tensions in the Middle East. With COP generating a significant proportion of revenues from crude oil, the high price of the commodity is extremely favorable for the leading oil and gas exploration and production company, much like other energy giants such as BP and CVX.
The upstream energy giant also has low-cost drilling opportunities across Permian, Eagle Ford and Bakken that could be successfully developed over two decades. Thus, the outlook for ConocoPhillips’ upstream operations looks highly profitable.
COP’s Low Debt & Cost Reduction Initiatives
The company has a low exposure to debt capital and hence can rely on its balance sheet to sail through all the business cycles efficiently. Compared to composite stocks in the industry, COP has lower debt exposure, reflected in debt to capitalization of 26.55% compared with the industry’s 49.98%.
ConocoPhillips also has a strong initiative to reduce costs while leaving production unaffected. On its first-quarter 2026 earnings call, the upstream major stated that by year-end, its cost-cutting should be strong enough, and it will be able to save about $1 billion a year if maintained.
What Should Investors Do Now?
The positive developments are getting reflected in the price chart. In the past year, COP has jumped 40.6%, outpacing the industry’s 33.9% growth. BP and CVX, two other energy majors, have gained 65.3% and 41.8%, respectively.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Coming to the valuation story, COP is trading at a discount, despite outpacing the industry in the price chart. On a relative basis, the stock is trading at a 6.73x trailing 12-month Enterprise Value to Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (EV/EBITDA), which is a discount compared with the broader industry average of 11.97x. BP and CVX are trading at 3.43x and 9.84x, respectively.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Considering the backdrop, it would be wise to bet on ConocoPhillips right away, as it is trading at a discount. Currently, COP sports a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
BP p.l.c. (BP) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Chevron Corporation (CVX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
ConocoPhillips (COP) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio