Title: Highmark Health Appoints Heather Cianfrocco as Chief Operating Officer
Date: 2026-05-05 17:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/highmark-health-appoints-heather-cianfrocco-170000591.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
PITTSBURGH, May 5, 2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Highmark Health announced today the appointment of Heather Cianfrocco to the role of chief operating officer for the organization, effective immediately. Cianfrocco joins Highmark Health from UnitedHealth Group where she held various leadership roles across the benefits and services businesses.
"Heather is an exceptionally talented and accomplished health care executive with more than 20 years of experience and success leading large, complex health care organizations," said Karen Hanlon, Highmark Health president. "We look forward to the new ideas and perspectives she will bring to our leadership team and the important role she will play in helping drive the change and innovation that is so essential to our goal of delivering best in class services and remarkable health experiences for those we serve."
Prior to her most recent role at UnitedHealth Group, Cianfrocco held numerous high-level positions within the organization, including CEO of Optum, overseeing the performance and strategic direction of Optum's three core business segments – Optum Health, OptumRX, and Optum Insight.
Cianfrocco was named Modern Healthcare's 10 executives to watch in 2025. She graduated from Penn State University and received her law degree from Duquesne University. Born and raised in Pittsburgh, Heather has deep roots in the community, including serving on the board of the Salvation Army of Western Pennsylvania.
"We have boldly said that we want to be one of the organizations that solves the complex and fragmented health care system," said David Holmberg, Highmark Health chief executive officer. "Heather is a seasoned, innovative health care leader who has a broad national lens, and her skills will be critical as we strive to further expand the reach of our mission and accelerate the work we are doing to transform our industry."
Karen Hanlon, Highmark Health president, will continue to lead the organization's work to build and execute the Living Health strategy, which will grow increasingly important as the health care industry faces continued challenges, and Highmark Health focuses its efforts to combat these trends and advance transformational products, solutions, and services that improve health and reduce costs.
"I am honored to join the Highmark Health team," said Cianfrocco. "I have spent my career working to improve how every single one of us can better access, experience, and afford health care. The challenge is greater than ever, and real improvement requires transformation and transparency. Highmark Health has built an incredible foundation, and I look forward to working with the team to deliver the Living Health strategy to our friends, family, and neighbors. It feels like coming home."
About Highmark Health Highmark Health is a Pittsburgh, PA-based organization dedicated to improving community health and grounded in its mission to deliver a remarkable health experience, freeing people to be their best. Employing more than 44,000 people who serve millions of Americans across the country, Highmark Health is the parent company of Highmark, Allegheny Health Network, and enGen. Through its Living Health strategy, Highmark Health is setting a new standard for health care by providing better, more accessible experiences that lead to improved health outcomes and lower costs of care. To learn more about how Highmark Health is reinventing health, visit highmarkhealth.org.
View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/highmark-health-appoints-heather-cianfrocco-as-chief-operating-officer-302762941.html
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio