Title: ENSG Tops Q1 EPS Estimates on Patient Growth, Raises '26 Outlook
Date: 2026-05-05 18:57
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/ensg-tops-q1-eps-estimates-185700873.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
The Ensign Group, Inc. ENSG reported a first-quarter 2026 adjusted EPS of $1.85, which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 3.4%. The bottom line improved 21.7% year over year.
Operating revenues advanced 18.4% year over year to $1.4 billion. The top line marginally missed the consensus mark by 0.07%.
ENSG’s strong results were driven by higher occupancy, improved patient days and contributions from acquired and transitioning facilities, along with growth in rental income. The positives were partly offset by higher expenses.
The Ensign Group, Inc. price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | The Ensign Group, Inc. Quote
Ensign Group’s adjusted net income of $110.2 million rose 23.9% year over year. Same-facilities occupancy improved 190 basis points (bps) to 84.3%, while transitioning-facilities occupancy increased 310 bps year over year to 85.1%.
Total expenses escalated 18% year over year to $1.26 billion due to higher cost of services, rent and G&A costs, but came in lower than our estimate of $1.27 billion.
Skilled Services: The segment’s revenues totaled $1.3 billion, which grew 18.4% year over year but missed our estimate by 0.4%. The metric benefited from higher occupancy rates and improved patient days. Segment income of $174 million advanced 20.9% year over year. Skilled nursing facilities and campus operations were 331 and 31, respectively.
Standard Bearer: Rental revenues climbed 27.1% year over year to $36.1 million in the quarter. The metric benefited from real estate purchases and increased annual rent. Segment income of $10.8 million advanced 25.9% year over year. Funds from operations amounted to $21.6 million, which increased 26.6% year over year.
Ensign Group exited the first quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $539.5 million, which rose from the 2025-end figure of $503.9 million. It had $591.6 million of available capacity under its line-of-credit. Total assets of $5.6 billion increased from $ 5.5 billion at the end of 2025.
Long-term debt — less current maturities — totaled $136.5 million, down from $137.5 million as of Dec. 31, 2025. Current maturities of long-term debt amounted to $4.3 million.
Total equity of $2.4 billion advanced from the 2025-end figure of $2.2 billion.
ENSG generated net cash from operations of $100.2 million, up from $72.2 million.
As of March 31, 2026, $20.0 million remained available under the company’s stock repurchase program. The company also paid a quarterly cash dividend of 6.5 cents per share of Ensign common stock.
ENSG has raised its full-year 2026 outlook. Revenues are now expected to range between $5.81 billion and $5.86 billion compared with the prior guidance of $5.77-$5.84 billion. Adjusted EPS is projected to be in the band of $7.48-$7.62 per share, up from the earlier estimate of $7.41-$7.61.
The weighted average common shares outstanding is currently estimated to be around 60 million and the tax rate is anticipated to be 25%.
Ensign currently has a Zacks Rank #4 (Sell).
You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Here are some stocks from the broader Medical space that have also reported their quarterly results: HCA Healthcare, Inc. HCA, UnitedHealth Group Incorporated UNH and Elevance Health, Inc. ELV.
HCA Healthcare reported first-quarter 2026 adjusted earnings per share of $7.15, slightly below the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $7.17, though up 10.9% year over year. Revenues increased 4.3% to $19.1 billion but narrowly missed the consensus estimate by 0.1%. HCA’s performance was affected by declines in same-facility inpatient and outpatient surgeries, along with elevated operating expenses, partially offset by modest growth in emergency room visits.
UnitedHealth Group reported first-quarter 2026 adjusted earnings per share of $7.23, which surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $6.46 and increased 0.4% year over year. Revenues rose 2% to $111.7 billion and exceeded the consensus estimate by 2.1%. UNH’s performance was driven by growth in commercial fee-based membership and strength in Optum Rx, partially offset by weakness in Optum Health and a decline in risk-based membership.
Elevance Health reported first-quarter 2026 adjusted earnings per share of $12.58, which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 17.8% on the back of strong premium growth. The bottom line increased 5.1% year over year. ELV’s operating revenues rose 1.5% to $49.5 billion and exceeded the consensus estimate by 3.7%. Segment-wise, the Carelon division delivered robust revenue growth, supported by the scaling of risk-based services, while the Health Benefits segment benefited from higher premium yields.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH) : Free Stock Analysis Report
HCA Healthcare, Inc. (HCA) : Free Stock Analysis Report
The Ensign Group, Inc. (ENSG) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Elevance Health, Inc. (ELV) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio