Title: Dollar Hits Lowest Since War Started on Report End Is Near
Date: 2026-05-06 20:35
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/currencies/articles/dollar-hits-lowest-since-war-203541467.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
(Bloomberg) -- The dollar wraps up Wednesday at the weakest level since February as investors are hopeful of the imminent end to the US-Iran war.
Most Read from Bloomberg
US Has Opened a Passage Through Hormuz, Central Command Says
DOJ Plans Intervention in Trump Supreme Court Carroll Appeal
US Says Offensive Phase of Iran War Over as Ship Hit in Strait
Anthropic Unveils AI Agents to Field Financial Services Tasks
Stocks Hit All-Time Highs on Hopes War Is Near End: Markets Wrap
A gauge of the dollar fell 0.6% to the lowest level since Feb. 27 on a closing basis. It bounced back from an earlier intraday low when an Axios report said the White House believes it is close to reaching an agreement with Iran on a one-page memorandum of understanding to end the conflict.
Since that report, a person familiar with the matter said Iran is evaluating the proposal. If a deal is reached, it will lead to the gradual reopening of the Strait of Hormuz and lifting of the American blockade on Iranian ports, that person said.
“Today feels like the most optimistic the market has been in a while that some framework of a peace deal will be forthcoming,” said Alex Cohen, a foreign-exchange strategist at Bank of America Corp. “A key question will be, is this MOU realistic, or is it yet another head-fake? So far, markets have unwound some of the initial enthusiasm that was priced.”
The US currency extended declines into May after wrapping up the worst month since June, weighed down by the initial announcement of the ceasefire in early April. It is now back to levels seen before the US attack on Iran, paring gains from early in the war when investors flocked to safe haven assets.
“With lower oil, weaker dollar and stronger risk assets, markets are pricing in a diplomatic breakthrough that is not yet supported by Iranian rhetoric or signaling,” said Aroop Chatterjee, a strategist at Wells Fargo. “We think any diplomatic progress will be slow and so market optimism is at risk of unwinding.”
What Bloomberg Strategists Say...
“The relative resilience of US growth and activity suggests that expectations for a sustained and material dollar decline are premature. That’s starting to create more relative opportunities across FX, where peers are contending with their own constraints.”
— Brendan Fagan, FX Strategist, Markets Live
For the full analysis, click here.
The New Zealand dollar and yen were among top performers of 10 major currencies tracked by Bloomberg against the greenback. The yen jumped nearly 2% against the US dollar earlier, sparking speculation that authorities in Japan had stepped into the foreign-currency market.
One measure of short-term sentiment in the currency options markets signals that traders are betting on a weaker dollar for the first time since before the war in Iran began in February.
Overnight risk reversals on the Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index — a theoretical gauge implied from the underlying position in puts and calls on a basket of currencies like the euro and yen — are negative on the greenback for the first time since Feb. 18.
The souring view on the dollar is also seen in the one-week and one-month tenors, which are still positive but have fallen to levels last seen three months ago.
--With assistance from Carter Johnson, Lynn Thomasson and Stephen Kirkland.
(Updates markets throughout)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
America’s Go-To Autism Therapy Is Also the Most Controversial
A Fight Over Dirt in Utah Hints at the Future of America’s Public Lands
The Risky Pivot Inside Australia’s Pension System
How Trump Has Made the Doctor Shortage Worse
How Trump’s $12 Billion Stash of Critical Minerals Risks Distorting Markets
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio