Title: HELOC, home equity rates spike higher
Date: 2026-05-06 21:07
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/economy/policy/articles/heloc-home-equity-rates-spike-210722183.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
Home equity rates posted broad gains this week. The $30,000 home equity line climbed 16 basis points to 7.26%, according to Bankrate’s national survey of lenders. Meanwhile, the five-year $30,000 home equity loan jumped 12 basis points to 8.03%.
Even with this week’s increase, home equity rates are still the most affordable they’ve been in years. Roger Boschulte, head of vehicle and home lending products at Bank of America, points to two factors supporting demand for home equity borrowing.
“If you look at tappable equity, we’re still north of $11 trillion, which is close to record levels. That’s one aspect that’s helping to fuel origination volumes within the home equity space,” he says. “The other notable tailwind is the lock-in effect from the low mortgage rates fueled by pandemic-era policies. As clients look to access equity, they want to ensure they preserve those low mortgage rates.”
 
Current
4 weeks ago
One year ago
52-week average
52-week low
HELOC
7.26%
7.02%
7.99%
7.78%
7.02%
5-year home equity loan
8.03%
7.92%
8.36%
8.08%
7.84%
10-year home equity loan
8.15%
8.05%
8.51%
8.24%
7.99%
15-year home equity loan
8.11%
8.03%
8.41%
8.18%
7.97%
Note: The home equity rates in this survey assume a line or loan amount of $30,000.
Home equity rates are being driven primarily by two factors — Federal Reserve policy and long-term inflation expectations.
As expected, the Fed held interest rates steady at its latest policy-setting meeting in May. However, uncertainty is intensifying about its next moves. In the largest show of dissent since 1992, four Fed officials opposed the decision to keep rates unchanged.
“If not for the inflation created by the war in Iran, there’s a good chance the Fed would be cutting rates,” says Ted Rossman, principal Bankrate analyst. “They’re standing pat for now, waiting to see what happens with prices. The job market, the other side of the Fed’s dual mandate, appears relatively stable for now.” As a result, Rossman predicts that “it should be a generally flat rate environment for the balance of 2026, meaning an average around 7% for HELOCs and around 8% for home equity loans.”
Learn more:  How the Federal Reserve affects HELOCs and home equity loans
Because HELOCs and home equity loans use your home as collateral, their rates tend to be much less expensive — more akin to current mortgage rates — than the interest charged on credit cards or personal loans, which aren’t secured.
Credit type
Average rate
HELOC
7.26%
Home equity loan
8.03%
Credit card
19.57%
Personal loan
12.27%
Source: Bankrate national survey of lenders, May 6
While average rates are useful to know, the individual offer you receive on a HELOC or new home equity loan also reflects additional factors, such as your creditworthiness and financials. Then there’s the value of your home and the size of your ownership stake. Lenders generally limit all your home loans (including your mortgage) to a maximum of 80% to 85% of your home’s worth.
Keep in mind: Even if you’re able to secure a favorable rate from a lender, home equity products are still relatively high-cost debt.
A fixed-rate home equity loan offers a lump-sum payout and a predictable repayment schedule.
 Explore offers 
Home equity trends
On average, mortgage-holding homeowners’ equity stakes have risen 142% nationwide since 2020, according to a Bankrate study on states with the most and least home equity gains.
In Q4 2025, HELOC limits rose by $25 billion, continuing an expansion in HELOCs that began in 2022, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.
In Q3 2025, Gen X and Baby Boomers represented the largest segments of HELOC borrowers at 38% and 30%, respectively, according to TransUnion.
More than 1.1 million borrowers ended 2025 with negative equity, the highest level since early 2018, according to ICE Mortgage Technology.
Average borrower equity decreased about $8,500 between Q4 2024 and Q4 2025, less than the $13,300 in equity lost in the previous quarter, according to Cotality.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio