Title: BAC or MS_ Which Financial Giant Is a Better Bet Post Q1 Earnings_
Date: 2026-05-07 12:49
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/bac-ms-financial-giant-better-124900776.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
Both Bank of America BAC and Morgan Stanley MS delivered robust first-quarter 2026 results that reinforced their standing as financial heavyweights. BAC benefited from higher net interest income (NII), resilient consumer activity and solid trading performance, while MS posted a record quarter, driven by robust institutional client engagement and continued momentum in wealth management.While both firms operate across investment banking (IB), trading, advisory and asset management, their business models remain fundamentally different. Bank of America combines Wall Street operations with a massive consumer and commercial banking presence, while Morgan Stanley runs a more fee-driven model centered on wealth management, institutional securities and advisory services.That sets up an intriguing post-first-quarter face-off for investors, raising the key question: which among BAC and MS is better-positioned to reward investors after earnings? In order to understand this, let us dig deep into their fundamental strengths and growth prospects.
Bank of America, the second-largest bank in the United States, is expected to witness continued improvement in NII in the near term, supported by loan growth, fixed-rate asset repricing and stabilizing funding costs, despite lower average rates. Over the last five years (2020-2025), the company’s NII saw a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 6.7%, with the uptrend continuing in the first quarter of 2026. Management expects NII (fully tax-equivalent) to grow 6-8% this year.BAC’s IB business, which performed poorly in 2022 and 2023 (IB fees in the Global Banking division plunged 45.7% in 2022 and declined 2.4% in 2023), has rebounded of late. In 2024 and 2025, IB fees rose 31.4% and 8.4%, respectively. In the first quarter of this year, IB fees increased 23.6% year over year. Since the market for global mergers and acquisitions (M&As) has been improving, the company is expected to continue witnessing solid growth in IB fees, supported by a healthy pipeline.In terms of its trading business, revenues have been improving since 2022. In the first quarter of 2026, sales and trading revenues, excluding net DVA, grew 12% year over year. But, even when results are favorable, the volatile nature of the capital markets business can create earnings variability and make growth challenging in the same.Bank of America continues to prioritize organic, domestic growth through the expansion of its physical and digital presence. This is part of a broader strategy to solidify customer relationships and tap into new markets, driving NII over time. By 2027, the company plans to expand its financial center network and open more than 150 centers. With the growing use of tools like Zelle and artificial intelligence assistant Erica, the company is boosting digital engagement and cross-selling products like mortgages, auto loans and credit cards.
Like BAC, Morgan Stanley’s trading business performance has also been impressive of late. In first-quarter 2026, equity trading income rose 25% year over year to a record $5.15 billion, while fixed-income revenues jumped 29%, driven by strong client activity and volatility in energy markets.However, because of the inherent cyclicality in the trading business, Morgan Stanley has long been lowering its reliance on the capital markets for income generation to create a more balanced revenue stream across market cycles. The company has been expanding its wealth and asset management operations. It has used acquisitions like Eaton Vance, E*Trade Financial, Shareworks and EquityZen to broaden distribution.As of March 31, 2026, total client assets across the firm’s wealth and investment management segments reached $9.2 trillion, bringing the company closer to its long-standing $10-trillion target set by former CEO James Gorman. The individual retirement account AUM in the wealth management arm remains above $1 trillion and management has noted that adviser-led assets sourced from Workplace and E*TRADE exceed $1.2 trillion.Morgan Stanley has also been expanding its presence across Asia, viewing the region as a major long-term growth driver for its wealth business. The firm has deepened its long-standing partnership with Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, increasing focus on Japan’s growing asset management and high-net-worth segments. Morgan Stanley’s Asia revenues were $9.42 billion in 2025, up 23% year over year. The momentum carried into the first quarter of 2026, aided by higher prime brokerage balances and client activity.Similar to BAC, Morgan Stanley’s IB business performance has been robust in the past couple of years, following a slowdown in 2022 and 2023. In the first quarter of this year, the company’s IB fees increased 36% year over year. A healthy global IB pipeline, an active M&A and IPO market, and the company’s leadership position are expected to continue to help it benefit amid the changing macro situation.
In the past six months, shares of Bank of America have gained merely 0.6%, while Morgan Stanley has rallied 19.1%. MS has outperformed the S&P 500 Index’s growth of 9.5%.In terms of investor sentiments, Morgan Stanley clearly has the edge.
 
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
 
In terms of valuation, BAC is currently trading at a 12-month forward price-to-earnings (P/E) of 11.38X, below MS’ P/E (F12M) of 15.69X. So, Bank of America is less expensive than Morgan Stanley.
 
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
 
Bank of America’s return on equity (ROE) of 11.49% is below Morgan Stanley’s 17.89%. This reflects that MS is more efficiently using shareholder funds to generate profits.
 
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for BAC’s 2026 and 2027 revenues implies year-over-year growth of 9.4% and 5.1%, respectively.The consensus estimate for 2026 earnings indicates growth of 17.1%, while the estimate for 2027 suggests growth of 13.5%. Earnings estimates for both years have been revised higher over the past 30 days.
 
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
 
Meanwhile, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for Morgan Stanley’s 2026 and 2027 revenues implies year-over-year growth of 9.2% and 4.7%, respectively.The consensus estimate for earnings indicates 16.1% and 5.2% rallies for 2026 and 2027, respectively. Over the past 30 days, the consensus estimates for both years have been revised higher.
 
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Looking at their revenue and earnings growth projections, both Bank of America and Morgan Stanley present compelling investment opportunities. The firms are attractive for different reasons. While Morgan Stanley has a better ROE, the BAC stock is cheaper in comparison.Thus, the post-earnings choice between BAC and MS comes down to investor preference. Bank of America offers a broader exposure to consumer banking, deposits, lending and markets, making it a stronger play on a resilient U.S. economy and improving NII trends.By contrast, Morgan Stanley is more focused on wealth management, IB, trading and asset management, making it more tied to fee income and market activity than traditional consumer banking.If investors prefer banking breadth, they should consider BAC since it brings scale and balance-sheet power. For investors looking for a more Wall Street focus, MS seems a better bet, given its sharper earnings leverage to market activity and high-net-worth client growth.Currently, both BAC and MS carry a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Bank of America Corporation (BAC) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Morgan Stanley (MS) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio