Title: Prediction_ Amazon Stock Will Soon Join the $3 Trillion Club
Date: 2026-05-04 13:35
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/05/04/prediction-amazon-stock-will-soon-join-the-3-trill/?.tsrc=rss

It's closer than you might realize.
It's been eight years since Apple became the first $1 trillion stock, and there are now 10 U.S. companies that have reached that threshold. Apple has gone on to become the first $3 trillion company, too, and it's now joined by Microsoft, Alphabet and Nvidia in the $3 trillion club, although Nvidia became the first $4 trillion and briefly $5 trillion stock. (Apple and Alphabet have both crossed into $4 trillion territory, too).
The fifth largest company in the world is Amazon (AMZN +1.36%), and it's likely to join the others in the $3 trillion club shortly. Here's why.
Amazon has become the largest company in the world as it keeps generating higher sales. They increased 17% year over year in the 2026 first quarter, an impressive feat considering its size -- Amazon has an unprecedented $743 billion in trailing-12-month sales.
It's experiencing growth across its enterprise, not just artificial intelligence (AI), although AI is playing a major role in the story right now. AI revenue increased by triple digits year over year in the first quarter, and that's coming from many places. Customers engage with AI through Amazon's signature Bedrock platform, but it has many AI services to fit all kinds of custom and premade needs, and its chip business alone has been fantastic; it grew 40% quarter over quarter, with a $20 billion annual run rate.
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
Image source: Amazon.
Amazon Web Services, the cloud computing segment, which houses the main AI business, increased 28% over last year, an acceleration. The AI business is attracting more clients to the platform, which is already the biggest cloud business in the world.
But Amazon is so much more than that. The e-commerce business is thriving, with a 12% increase in online store sales and a 14% increase in third-party sales. The company continues to break records in delivery speed, and it has already surpassed 1 billion items delivered overnight this year. Advertising remains robust as well, up 24% over last year.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 968%* — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 202% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of May 4, 2026. 
While there were many other highlights, of particular note is Amazon Leo, its satellite broadband network. Amazon has acquired GlobalStar, which gives it direct-to-device capabilities, and it signed an agreement with Delta for in-air Wi-Fi service. It will also provide service for iPhones and Apple watches.
Amazon stock jumped after the company's latest report last week, and it's up 16% year to date. It has a market cap of $2.9 trillion at the current price, which means it's just a short way off of $3 trillion. Reaching that goal would imply only a 4% gain from today's price.
Considering the company's performance, opportunities, and momentum, it could get there very quickly.
Nvidia’s CEO just revealed that one breakthrough could create more millionaires in the next five years than the internet did in two decades.
Amazon’s Jeff Bezos says it is “hard to overstate the impact.” And Cathie Wood projects AI could be an $80 trillion opportunity by 2030. That is the equivalent of 18 Nvidias, 29 Microsofts, or 35 Amazons.
But here’s what most investors miss: almost all that growth runs through a single choke point. One little-known company, called an “Indispensable Monopoly,” provides the critical technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size. We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name.
Continue ›
Jennifer Saibil has positions in Apple. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Alphabet, Amazon, Apple, Microsoft, and Nvidia. The Motley Fool recommends Delta Air Lines. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends