Title: Yen Intervention Rally Faces High Hurdle at 155 to Dollar
Date: 2026-05-07 11:15
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/currencies/articles/yen-intervention-rally-faces-high-111543611.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
(Bloomberg) -- The yen’s failure to breach 155 to the dollar after repeated cases of suspected intervention by Japan is raising questions over the durability of the currency’s recent advance.
Most Read from Bloomberg
US Has Opened a Passage Through Hormuz, Central Command Says
DOJ Plans Intervention in Trump Supreme Court Carroll Appeal
Billionaire Duke of Westminster to Sell £700 Million of US Real Estate Assets
China Asks Banks to Pause New Loans to US-Sanctioned Refiner
Sony to Pay Almost $4 Billion for Bieber, Neil Young Catalog
Multiple sharp rallies since April 30 have all petered out short of this mark before reversing some of the gains. While authorities in Tokyo have sufficient reserves to continue intervening, the price moves suggest firm demand for dollars and limits to Japan’s capacity to turn the tide in favor of the yen.
The economic backdrop continues to favor dollar strength. Energy prices remain elevated, even amid hopes of a de-escalation in the Iran conflict. The Bank of Japan is more than a month away from any potential increase in interest rates, and the Federal Reserve appears no closer to cutting US rates.
“The key question is whether the Ministry of Finance will continue to defend the yen or has already deployed sufficient firepower,” Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp. strategists including Moh Siong Sim wrote in a note. Intervention alone is unlikely to shift the broader trend of yen depreciation, they noted.
While officials have not confirmed any intervention, people familiar with the matter have said that the government entered the market on April 30, when the yen traded above 160 — a widely seen red line. Since then, traders have pointed to sudden moves on May 1, May 4 and May 6 as having the hallmarks of central bank buying of the currency.
Authorities spent an estimated ¥3.86 trillion ($24.7 billion) supporting the yen on April 30, according to a Bloomberg analysis of central bank accounts. Another $30 billion was spent just days after the initial action, a similar calculation showed. The yen was little-changed at around 156.38 at 11:50 a.m. in London on Thursday.
“Defending the 160 level in USD/JPY appears to be a strategically weak approach, as it risks inviting a concentrated market attack,” said Ikue Saito, a strategist at JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Back in 2024, Japanese authorities spent a rough total of $100 billion to buy the yen several times after the currency tumbled to around 160.17. Additional steps were taken on days when the yen reached 157.99, 161.76 and 159.45.
This time around, initial intervention took place when dollar-yen reached 160.72, and subsequent suspected actions pushed the pair to a 10-week low of 155.04 on Wednesday before it rebounded.
Japan still has significant financial means to do it again — as much as 30 times at last week’s scale, according to analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
The nation’s top currency official, Atsushi Mimura, said on Thursday that Japan is prepared to respond on all fronts to speculative moves in the foreign exchange market. He also said the International Monetary Fund rules don’t limit how often authorities can intervene in the currency market.
Mimura declined to comment on whether the Finance Ministry had an exchange rate level it was defending. Typically, currency officials say they will take action against sharp movements or excess volatility in the market rather than defend a particular level.
Still, the effectiveness of intervention is clearly fading “as markets increasingly view intervention as level-targeting,” said Masahiko Loo, senior fixed income strategist at State Street Investment Management. “Without a stronger BOJ follow-through via consecutive hikes to address its behind-the-curve stance, the yen is likely to remain weak in the near term.”
(Updates prices, additional detail of intervention costs in sixth paragraph.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
America’s Go-To Autism Therapy Is Also the Most Controversial
A Fight Over Dirt in Utah Hints at the Future of America’s Public Lands
How Trump Has Made the Doctor Shortage Worse
How Trump’s $12 Billion Stash of Critical Minerals Risks Distorting Markets
Raising Cane’s Grew From an Idea a College Professor Hated
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio