Title: Stocks take a breather after reaching record highs
Date: 2026-05-07 19:44
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/stocks-take-a-breather-after-reaching-record-highs-194454152.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
Stocks (^GSPC, ^DJI, ^IXIC) are taking a breather after notching record highs yesterday, while the 30-year Treasury yield (^TYX) edges closer to 5%. Yahoo Finance Markets and Data Editor Jared Blikre breaks down the key market moves investors should be watching.
let's go to the Wi-Fi interactive. We'll just point out today's price action. So I wanted to draw attention to Apple in particular, which is down today, but it recently hit a record high, actually this morning it did. Uh, it has since sunk into the red, but this is its first since about November of last year. So it has just peeking above that range right there.
And you can see there's it's just been treading water. Now it finally was able to launch off of the lows in March. Uh, but it's kind of not been really that additive to the entire stock market.
And if I show you the performance of all of the mega caps here, and it's not just a Mag 7. We got a few others uh thrown in like uh Berkshire Hathaway, which happens to be negative here. You can really see uh the out performance of some versus others. Alphabet is up the most from those March 30 lows.
This is a one-year chart. It is just rocketted past its old highs very quickly. Uh Nvidia is another one. It's kind of been flirting with record highs or posting some uh recently but hasn't really truly broken out yet.
Uh you take a look at Broadcom. That is another strong chip stock. It's trying to use its breakout level as a base here. So there's a lot going on and what I would say is the Mag 7 were kind of dormant in the in the last quarter of last year, in the first few months of this year, in terms of contributing to the stock market.
And now they're kind of back. So I want to show you what's uh happening with MAGs. This is a round tail MAG 7 ETF and this is a one-year chart as well. So this peaked and it's this peaked uh last October. It is finally punching through above that high only today and so this is going to be a big test. if it can hold this breakout level. So around 68 70, you're going to want to see that happen to uh be support going forward.
Now, separately, I've also been tracking on a fundamental basis, some of the spending out there, the hyperscalers that includes Alphabet, meta, Microsoft, Amazon. They have been spending a lot of their free cash flow in plowing it back into the AI infrastructure trade.
So what you're seeing here on your screen is Alphabet's AI rally. This is their price to forward free cash flow multiple. It is up over 200 now. For a multiple to be over 200, that is just out of sight. Now, that is because their share price has been going up as their costs and they've been eating into their free cash flow. So that's been going down. So that's why the number is going up right there.
Um, I also have this on another basis for all four of these hyperscalers. This goes all the way back a decade, 2016. All you need to pay attention here is the trend. All of these are racing towards 100%. What they're spending is being eaten up by their operations. And so when that gets to 100%, well, they got to pull some other levers there.
They're not my canaries. I'm looking at smaller companies like Oracle and such for, you know, kind of those canary in the coal mines to see if they fall first. But these big guys, they're getting close to their uh real, the real test here.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio