Title: UnitedHealthcare Cuts Prior Authorization Requirements by 30%
Date: 2026-05-05 10:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/healthcare/articles/unitedhealthcare-cuts-prior-authorization-requirements-100000159.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
Continues to build on recently announced initiatives to reduce requirements for rural care providers and to standardize submission requirements among insurers
May 05, 2026--(BUSINESS WIRE)--UnitedHealthcare is eliminating authorization requirements for 30% of healthcare services that previously required insurer approval.
This initiative builds on a series of recent, industry-leading commitments the company has made to make healthcare simpler and more affordable, while raising the bar for transparency and accountability across the marketplace.
"Prior authorization is an essential safeguard but should only be used when it truly protects patients and improves care," said Tim Noel, CEO of UnitedHealthcare. "Eliminating these requirements is one more way we are working to make it easier for patients to get the care they need when they need it and ensure doctors can spend more time with their patients. We are committed to further improving and refining our processes to make reviews quicker, simpler and more efficient."
Today, prior authorization is required for only 2% of UnitedHealthcare medical services. Of the authorizations that are submitted, around 92% are approved and in less than 24 hours, on average. Within Medicare Advantage, UnitedHealthcare has fewer prior authorization requirements than any other insurer.
By the end of 2026, UnitedHealthcare will eliminate an additional 30% of remaining prior authorizations, including select outpatient surgeries, some diagnostic tests like echocardiograms, and certain outpatient therapies and chiropractic care. A full list will be available on UHCProvider.com before these changes take effect.
Today’s announcement builds on an ongoing effort to improve and simplify patient and care provider experiences and lower costs for consumers, including:
Steadily reducing the number of services that require prior authorization
Expanding the first‑of‑its‑kind national Gold Card program, which recognizes provider groups who consistently adhere to evidence-based care guidelines
Investing in digital tools that support electronic submission, real‑time status tracking and faster decisions
On April 24, 2026, UnitedHealthcare championed an industry effort to standardize electronic prior authorization submission requirements, laying the groundwork for greater automation and interoperability, and a more seamless experience for care providers and patients. More than 70% of UnitedHealthcare’s prior authorizations will be part of the new standardized submission process by year‑end.
On April 20, 2026, UnitedHealthcare announced that it is expanding support for rural healthcare communities by accelerating payments to more select hospitals nationwide and exempting many rural care providers from prior authorization requirements. These actions are designed to improve financial stability for rural hospitals, ease strain on care teams and help ensure patients in rural communities can access high‑quality care when and where they need it. By fall of 2026, this program will expand to approximately 1,500 rural hospitals and their associated rural practitioners nationwide, including all Critical Access Hospitals.
On March 31, 2026, UnitedHealthcare publicly reported prior authorization metrics, and maintains the data on its website along with additional context to help care providers, members and the public better understand how prior authorization is used.
On March 16, 2026, UnitedHealthcare expanded coverage for doula care to support families throughout pregnancy, birth and the postpartum period. By Jan. 1, 2027, about 7.2 million members could have access to the offering through employer health plans.
In January, the company pledged to voluntarily eliminate and rebate any profits from its individual ACA offerings in 2026.
More broadly, the company has also undertaken a comprehensive, third-party review of its core business practices and processes, including approaches to care management. The company published its first series of reports in December and will continue to publicly report progress as improvements are made.
Together, these efforts reflect UnitedHealthcare’s continued focus on reducing administrative complexity, improving the care experience and helping people access care more easily and efficiently.
About UnitedHealthcare
UnitedHealthcare is dedicated to helping people live healthier lives and making the health system work better for everyone by simplifying the healthcare experience, meeting consumer health and wellness needs, and sustaining trusted relationships with care providers. The company offers the full spectrum of health benefit programs for individuals, employers, and Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries, and contracts directly with physicians, care professionals, hospitals and other care facilities. UnitedHealthcare is one of the businesses of UnitedHealth Group (NYSE: UNH), a diversified healthcare company. For more information, visit UnitedHealthcare at www.uhc.com or follow UnitedHealthcare on LinkedIn.
View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20260505232091/en/
Contacts
Media Contact: uhcnews@uhc.com
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio