Title: Herc Holdings Stock Rises 1.5% Since Q1 Earnings Release
Date: 2026-05-07 15:20
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/herc-holdings-stock-rises-1-152000518.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
Herc Holdings Inc. HRI reported impressive first-quarter 2026 results wherein both earnings and revenues beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate.
The better-than-expected results had a positive impact on the market, as the stock has increased 1.5% since the earnings release on April 28, 2026.
Quarterly earnings per share of 21 cents outperformed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of a loss of $1.02 but declined 84% year over year. Revenues of $1.14 billion outpaced the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.01 billion and grew 32.3% year over year. The increase was driven by a 33% rise in equipment rental revenues, resulting from the larger fleet size after the H&E acquisition and higher volume from mega projects.
Herc Holdings Inc. price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | Herc Holdings Inc. Quote
The equipment rental revenues of $981 million, accounting for 86% of total revenues, grew 32.8% year over year at the end of the first quarter of 2026. Sales of rental equipment increased 31.4% year over year to $138 million during the period, continuing to align the mix with customer demand.
Sales of new equipment, parts and supplies revenues totaled $13 million, increasing 18.2% year over year. Meanwhile, Service and other revenues grew 16.7% year over year to $7 million at the end of the March-end quarter.
Total operating expenses in the reported quarter increased by $293 million from the year-ago quarter to $1.6 billion.
Adjusted EBITDA increased 33% to $448 million compared with $338 million in the prior-year period, while adjusted EBITDA margin was flat year over year at 39.3%.
Herc Holdings exited the first quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $43 million compared with $52 million at 2025-end. Long-term debt was $7.96 billion compared with $8.02 billion at the prior-quarter end.
During the reported quarter, HRI declared a quarterly dividend of 70 cents per share payable to its shareholders of record as of Feb. 18, on March 4, 2026.
For full-year 2026, Herc Holdings expects Equipment rental revenues to range from $4.275-$4.4 billion. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to be in the band of $2-$2.1 billion.
Net rental equipment capital expenditures are anticipated to be between $500 million and $800 million and and Gross capex is expected in the range of $800 million to $1.1 billion. 
The H&E acquisition is expected to strengthen HRI’s market position through expanded specialty operations, enhanced sales capabilities and broader exposure to resilient metropolitan markets.
Currently, HRI has a Zacks Rank #5 (Strong Sell).
You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Delta Air Lines DAL reported first-quarter 2026 earnings (excluding $1.08 from non-recurring items) of 64 cents per share, which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 61 cents. Earnings increased 39.1% on a year-over-year basis. Revenues in the March-end quarter were $14.2 billion, beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $14 billion and increasing on a year-over-year basis.
J.B. Hunt Transport Services JBHT posted first-quarter 2026 earnings per share of $1.49, up 27% from $1.17 a year ago. The result topped the Zacks Consensus Estimate by $0.04, reflecting a 2.8% rise.
Operating revenues totaled $3.06 billion, rising 4.6% year over year. Revenues beat the consensus mark of $2.94 billion, resulting in a 3.9% rise, as demand proved resilient across several service offerings, led by Intermodal volume growth and higher revenues per load in select highway-related businesses.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. (JBHT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Herc Holdings Inc. (HRI) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio