Title: Oil Supply Shock Worsens amid Plunging Petroleum Inventories
Date: 2026-05-07 16:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/energy/articles/oil-supply-shock-worsens-amid-160000087.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
Global crude oil and fuel inventories are crashing at a record speed as the supply shock from the Middle East is too big to absorb without stock depletion.
While the futures markets trade on sentiment and hopes that a U.S.-Iran deal could soon lead to the reopening of the Strait of Hormuz, the actual physical disruption is enormous. It has already erased the oversupply that the market faced at the start of the Iran war. The initial buffers are gone, and now commercial inventories are depleting so fast that even an imminent reopening of the Strait of Hormuz will not reverse the stock draw for at least two months after flows from the Middle East normalize.
How fast are global oil inventories depleting currently?
Why won't reopening Hormuz immediately help inventories?
What impact will Strait of Hormuz closure have?
How low could US gasoline stocks fall?
Analysts and executives say the global inventory situation will get worse before it gets better, as the market will need months before a potential relief arrives from an operational Strait of Hormuz.
Global Oil Inventories Crash 
“Drawdowns across onshore and commodities on water, along with key hubs such as ARA, the US, and Singapore, are helping bridge supply gaps,” Sumit Ritolia at Kpler wrote in an analysis last week.
“However, inventory support remains finite and cannot sustainably offset prolonged disruptions,” the analyst noted.
Goldman Sachs has estimated that plunging global oil inventories are approaching an eight-year low, with the rate of depletion so fast that it exposes the market to further shocks.
While global oil stocks are “unlikely to hit minimum operational levels this summer, the speed of depletion and supply losses in some regions and products is concerning,” analysts at Goldman Sachs wrote in a note earlier this week.
Total oil stocks globally have now dropped to about 101 days of expected demand. With the Strait of Hormuz inaccessible for nearly all tanker traffic, these stocks could drop to as low as 98 days of demand by the end of May, Goldman’s analysts warned.
Stocks would continue to draw down even if crude flows through the Strait of Hormuz begin to recover in the coming weeks, as the peak summer season is approaching and cargoes from the Middle East – assuming they begin to move through Hormuz – will need weeks to reach destinations.
Related: U.S. Fuel Exports Hit Record High as Hormuz Crisis Reshapes Global Energy Flows
Refined product stocks have been depleting even faster, with fuel stocks now down to 45 days of demand, from 50 days of demand before the war, Goldman Sachs reckons.
The fuel buffers are “approaching very low levels fast,” according to the investment bank’s analysts.
For example, jet fuel stocks held independently in the Amsterdam-Rotterdam-Antwerp (ARA) refining and storage hub fell by 4.7% in the last week of April, to their lowest level since March 2020, as imports crashed, data from Dutch consultancy Insights Global showed last week.
The 2026 surplus scenario was quickly erased by the war with “global hydrocarbon inventories being materially drawn to balance the market, already at a pace of 10 to 13 million barrels of oil per day,” Patrick Pouyanné, chief executive at TotalEnergies SE, said on the supermajor’s earnings call last week.
The world will have consumed about 1 billion barrels of inventories until supplies are restored and reach the market, Pouyanné added.
“We would exit even if the conflict, and I hope so, will end in the month of May, we would exit the conflict with clearly some very low inventories,” the executive noted.
CEO Darren Woods said on ExxonMobil’s earnings call, “it’s obvious to most that if you look at the unprecedented disruption in the world supply of oil and natural gas, the market hasn't seen the full impact of that yet.”
“There’s more to come if the Strait remains closed.”
Even if the Strait opened up today, “there's going to be a one to two-month time lag between the Strait opening up and the market seeing normal flow,” Woods said, noting that ships need to reposition themselves and take weeks to get the product to market.
U.S. Stocks Are Depleting, Too 
The global stocks drawdown has reached the United States, too.
Crude oil inventories in the United States decreased by 2.3 million barrels during the week ending May 1, the latest data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA) showed on Wednesday. For total motor gasoline, the EIA reported that inventories had decreased by 2.5 million barrels on top of the 6.1 million barrels lost in the week prior.
The imminent start of the driving season, further weeks of closed Strait of Hormuz, and further drops in U.S. fuel inventories are setting the stage for even higher gasoline prices in the summer, analysts say.
As of May 1, U.S. gasoline stocks were at 219.8 million barrels, per EIA data, which is 4% below the five-year average and the lowest since 2014 for this time of year.
U.S. gasoline stocks are on track to drop to historic lows of below 200 million barrels by the end of August, according to Morgan Stanley.
“The US gasoline market is genuinely tight and tightening further into summer,” Morgan Stanley analysts wrote in a note earlier this week, as carried by Bloomberg.
Despite the demand destruction already taking place in price-sensitive markets in Asia, Africa, and Latin America, the magnitude of this supply shock would support oil and fuel prices even if the Strait of Hormuz opened unconditionally to free traffic today, as it would take months before the return of some semblance of normality.
By Tsvetana Paraskova for Oilprice.com
More Top Reads From Oilprice.com
Oil Prices Fall Below $100 as Trump Say Iran War May Be Coming To End
Pakistan Issues Emergency LNG Tender for Two Cargoes as Power Crisis Deepens
Average U.S. Gasoline Price Tops $4.50 to Near Four-Year High
Oilprice Intelligence brings you the signals before they become front-page news. This is the same expert analysis read by veteran traders and political advisors. Get it free, twice a week, and you'll always know why the market is moving before everyone else.
You get the geopolitical intelligence, the hidden inventory data, and the market whispers that move billions - and we'll send you $389 in premium energy intelligence, on us, just for subscribing. Join 400,000+ readers today. Get access immediately by clicking here.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio