Title: SPX Momentum Is Real_ These Stocks Could Benefit
Date: 2026-05-06 12:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/spx-momentum-real-stocks-could-120005254.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
Stocks have been rallying lately, with the S&P 500 Index (SPX) gaining over 10% over the course of a month for the first time in about a year (not using calendar months, but rather any 21-trading day period). However, not all stocks have fared as well. In fact, Nike (NKE), Exxon-Mobil (XOM), AT&T (T), and many other SPX stocks were down more than 10% over that same period.
This week, I’m looking at similar broad market rallies and comparing the returns going forward of the best performing stocks during the rally to the worst performing stocks. Do the stocks and sectors that boosted the market during the rally continue their momentum, or do the worst performing stocks play catch-up over the next few months? From there, we’ll get insight into which stocks to target.
Going back to 2022, there have four times that the SPX gained at least 10% in a month, or more specifically, 21 trading days. Looking at current SPX stocks, I separated out the best and worst 50 stocks during the rally and tracked their performance over the next month. The table below summarizes the results.
Based on the last four rallies, the best stocks during the surge continued to outperform over the next month. The best 50 stocks during each of the four rallies averaged a return of 6% over the next month with 67% positive and 64% beating the SPX. The worst stocks during the rally averaged a return of 1.4% with 53% positive and just 44% beating the index.
Looking at the same stocks, the table below shows the returns over the next three months. Again, the better the stocks performed during the broad market rally, the better they performed going forward. The outperformers during the rally returned about 12% over the next three months, with 64% beating the SPX. The underperformers during the rally averaged a return of 3.5%, with 43% beating the SPX.
These next two tables show the individual SPX 10% rallies. The last two rallies were for the month preceding May 6, 2025, and November 28, 2023. The SPX went on to gain over 5% in the subsequent month and over 10% in the next three months. The outperformers during those last two rallies easily continued to lead the market.
In the other two rallies, the SPX slowed down over the next month. After the rally that ended Aug. 10, 2022, the SPX lost 3.4% over the next month. The best stocks during the rally lost 1.4% over the next month, making them the best bucket to be in. The SPX was down 9% over the next three months after that rally and the outperformers during the rally did the worst over the next three months losing 8.6% on average.
Finally, below is a list of stocks that outperformed during the recent SPX rally. These are the stocks that contributed to the market surge and whose momentum could continue, based on the analysis above. Intel (INTC) led the way and mega caps Nvidia (NVDA), Amazon.com (AMZN), and Alphabet (GOOGL) are all on the list, too. If you were on the fence about buying any of these, this is one more reason to pull the trigger.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio