Title: _C O R R E C T I O N -- App Defense Alliance_
Date: 2026-05-07 23:19
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/app-defense-alliance-launches-certified-130000716.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
In the news release, App Defense Alliance Launches Certified Products Portal, issued 07-May-2026 by App Defense Alliance over PR Newswire, we are advised by the company that changes have been made. The complete, corrected release follows, with additional details at the end:
Backed by Google, Meta, and Microsoft, the Alliance demonstrates a working certification model for application security to advance efforts in AI and desktop environments
SAN FRANCISCO, May 7, 2026 /PRNewswire/ -- The App Defense Alliance today launched its first public directory of certified mobile applications, giving developers, platform operators, and users a way to confirm whether apps were independently verified and certified as meeting the Alliance's standards.
The portal debuts with 45 mobile applications certified through the Alliance's Mobile Application Security Assessment (MASA). The Alliance has also released a web application security standard, the Cloud Application Security Assessment (CASA), and a cloud configuration standard. AI and desktop application security assessments are under development.
The Alliance's framework is based on the OWASP Mobile Application Security Verification Standard (MASVS) and supported by an independent network of eight authorized testing labs. The Alliance reduces friction for developers building across platforms by establishing a common security standard and provides platforms and decision-makers with a more consistent basis for evaluating application security.
"The App Defense Alliance is building industry consensus on a framework for application security," said Alex Duff, Chair of the App Defense Alliance and Head of Platform Ecosystem Data Security at Meta. "The list of certified applications announced today is an important step forward in giving developers a streamlined path to certification and helping platforms more consistently evaluate security. It shows promise for the ongoing work the Alliance is doing to bring more applications through this framework."
A common certification across platforms
The Alliance's standards are independently validated by accredited third-party testing labs, giving developers clear expectations for achieving certification. The new portal offers a single place to find applications that have earned MASA certification.
As more applications connect to AI systems, platforms and developers need better ways to evaluate new security risks. The Alliance is building on its certification model to develop new efforts for AI and desktop application security.
A common standard also yields cost benefits for developers building applications across multiple platforms. Developers often pay for security certification on each platform, compounding costs as they ship products.
"This certified products portal empowers users to make more informed choices by providing a clear, independent signal that an app has met certain standards," said Brad Ree, Vice Chair of the App Defense Alliance and Technical Program Manager at Google. "By continuing to work closely with the industry and developers to align around standards, we are collectively raising the bar for app safety across ecosystems."
A foundation for wider security standards
The portal's debut advances the Alliance's mission to improve security and trust across the application ecosystem. As part of the Linux Foundation, the Alliance works with security leaders across government, platforms, and the enterprise.
"The App Defense Alliance's certification gives enterprises a credible and consistent way to evaluate whether apps meet a common security standard," said Oliver Bell, Partner General Manager, Trusted Platform with Microsoft. "Shared industry standards and validation are critical to meeting the new security challenges the industry faces."
About the App Defense AllianceThe App Defense Alliance is dedicated to improving global application security. Backed by Google, Meta, and Microsoft, the Alliance develops security certification standards for mobile, web, and cloud applications, giving developers a single set of baseline requirements and platform operators a trusted framework for evaluation and adoption. As application environments continue to evolve, the Alliance is developing additional certification efforts for AI and desktop security. For more information, visit appdefensealliance.org.
Media Contactpress@appdefensealliance.org
Correction: Updates were made to the hyperlinks in the second paragraph and boilerplate. 
View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/app-defense-alliance-launches-certified-products-portal-302765282.html
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio