Title: Stock Market News for May 6, 2026
Date: 2026-05-06 13:28
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/stock-market-news-may-6-132800172.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
U.S. stocks ended higher on Tuesday, with the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq hitting new all-time highs, as oil prices slid and robust earnings from AI-related stocks lifted investors’ sentiment. All three major indexes ended in positive territory. 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJI) rose 1.1% or 356.35 points, to finish at 49,298.25 points.  
The S&P 500 gained 0.8% to close at 7,259.22 points. Tech and materials stocks were the biggest winners.
The Materials Select Sector SPDR (XLB) gained 1.7%. The Information Technology Select Sector SPDR (XLK) rose 2.2%. The Industrials Select Sector SPDR (XLI) added 0.8%. Ten of the 11 sectors of the benchmark index ended in positive territory.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq jumped 1% to end at 25,326.13 points.
The fear gauge, CBOE Volatility Index (VIX), was down 4.98% to 17.38. Advancers outnumbered decliners on the S&P 500 by a 1.7-to-1 ratio. A total of 16.1 billion shares were traded on Tuesday, lower than the last 20-session average of 17.7 billion.
On the Nasdaq, there were 160 new highs and 79 new lows. On the S&P 500, there were 43 new 52-week highs and 23 new lows.
Stocks rose on Tuesday as investors felt somewhat relieved after the United States said that the ceasefire with Iran “certainly holds.” Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth also confirmed that two U.S. commercial ships “safely transited the strait.” 
Although the ceasefire remains fragile, Hegseth's announcement assured investors that attempts by Iran to gain control of the Strait of Hormuz have largely been checked.
Oil prices fell on Tuesday. The West Texas Intermediate crude futures slid 3.9% to settle at $102.27 per barrel.  
Indexes got a further boost after yet another batch of companies reported blowout earnings. Investors will closely watch some of the big AI-focused companies expected to report quarterly results this week. 
Shares of Pfizer, Inc. (PFE) gained 0.6% after the company reported first-quarter 2026 earnings of $0.75 per share, beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $0.71 per share. Pfizer currently has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Shares of Archer-Daniels-Midland Company (ADM) jumped 3.8% after the company reported earnings of $0.71 per share, beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $0.66 per share. 
However, shares of Shopify Inc. (SHOP) plummeted 15.6% despite the company posting an earnings beat. Shopify reported first-quarter 2026 earnings of $0.36 per share, surpassing the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $0.32 per share. 
Investors also closely watched the much-anticipated JOLTS report, released on Tuesday. Fresh data showed that job openings in the United States fell to 6.866 million in March. However, it came in marginally above the analysts’ expectations of a decline to 6.835 million. 
In other economic data released on Tuesday, the Institute of Supply Management’s non-manufacturing PMI came in at 53.6 in April, missing the consensus estimate of a reading of 53.7. 
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Pfizer Inc. (PFE) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Shopify Inc. (SHOP) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio