Title: Shell Profits Climb as Iran War Boosts Oil Trading
Date: 2026-05-07 10:36
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/energy/articles/shell-profit-climbs-iran-war-085050314.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
(Bloomberg) -- Shell Plc reported stronger-than-expected first-quarter earnings as the Iran war boosted trading profits and energy prices, outweighing declines in oil and gas production from the conflict.
Most Read from Bloomberg
US Has Opened a Passage Through Hormuz, Central Command Says
DOJ Plans Intervention in Trump Supreme Court Carroll Appeal
Billionaire Duke of Westminster to Sell £700 Million of US Real Estate Assets
China Asks Banks to Pause New Loans to US-Sanctioned Refiner
Sony to Pay Almost $4 Billion for Bieber, Neil Young Catalog
Adjusted net income rose to $6.92 billion, the London-based oil major said in a statement. That beat the $6.1 billion median estimate of analysts compiled by Bloomberg, as surging oil and gas prices lifted profits to their highest level in two years.
Shell, which recently announced the acquisition of Canadian oil and gas producer ARC Resources Ltd. — its biggest transaction under the tenure of Chief Executive Officer Wael Sawan — cut its quarterly share buyback and raised its dividend. The shares fell, though the move was in line with that of European peers as oil prices declined.
The war has damaged assets, roiled energy markets and choked off energy flows through the Strait of Hormuz and caused sharp price wings — conditions that normally favor larger commodity merchants. Vitol Group and Trafigura Group, the biggest independent oil traders, reaped a profit bonanza in the first three months of this year. Shell said its trading profits were boosted by the conflict, helping it to overcome a 10% hit to oil and gas production caused by disruptions in Qatar.
Total production fell about 4% from the prior period. The impact is set to linger, with second-quarter volumes expected to decline further amid continued constrains in the region and overall maintenance across Shell’s portfolio.
The ARC acquisition is contributing to an increase in capital spending plans this year and part of a broader effort to deepen its upstream reserves as geopolitical turmoil reshapes global energy flows. The buyback was cut to $3 billion from $3.5 billion in an effort to reallocate capital to the balance sheet, Chief Financial Officer Sinead Gorman told journalists on a call Thursday. Shell increased its dividend 5%, maintaining its policy of distributing 40% to 50% of cash flow from operations to shareholders.
Morgan Stanley analysts said the “rebalancing” of investor payouts between the cash dividend and share repurchases is a “net positive for Shell shares.”
Net debt rose to $52.6 billion, which Shell said reflects a working capital build tied to higher prices. Gearing — the leverage ratio of net debt to equity — increased to 23.2%.
Refining Boost
Higher refining margins also supported quarterly results, even with a weaker chemicals margin environment.
Brent oil prices have increased more than 50% since the conflict began at the end of February. They retreated from war-time highs and hovered around $99 a barrel Thursday on signs that the US and Iran are nearing a diplomatic breakthrough.
Shell is the final oil supermajor to report quarterly earnings. Profits for BP Plc and TotalEnergies SE also rose on the back of strong trading performances during the war.
US peers Exxon Mobil Corp and Chevron Corp. also benefited from elevated oil and gas prices, but experienced production outages — particularly Exxon — and negative impacts from derivatives positions.
Looking ahead, Shell now plans to spend between $24 billion and $26 billion this year, higher than the previously guided range of $20 billion to $22 billion. Shell said that increase includes about $4 billion related to the ARC acquisition.
Qatari Volumes
Shell’s output in Qatar is offline since the Gulf nation has no export alternative to the Strait of Hormuz, which has been effectively shut. CFO Gorman said the resumption of Qatari volumes will take weeks once the waterway is reopened to safe passage for commercial vessels.
Once it’s considered safe, the backlog of ships waiting in the Gulf to transit Hormuz will take a couple weeks to flow out to the open seas, Gorman said on a call with journalists Thursday. After that, Shell’s assets that are not under repair will restart production.
Pearl, the world’s largest gas-to-liquids plant which Shell operates in Qatar, will only have one of its two processing units available for production. The second one was struck by a missile and is expected to take roughly a year to fix. Pearl has the capacity to produce 140,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day.
(Updates with analyst reaction starting in seventh paragraph.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
America’s Go-To Autism Therapy Is Also the Most Controversial
A Fight Over Dirt in Utah Hints at the Future of America’s Public Lands
How Trump Has Made the Doctor Shortage Worse
How Trump’s $12 Billion Stash of Critical Minerals Risks Distorting Markets
Raising Cane’s Grew From an Idea a College Professor Hated
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio