Title: Fast food chains brace for wary consumers
Date: 2026-05-07 20:50
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/fast-food-chains-brace-for-wary-consumers-205037862.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
Yahoo Finance Senior Reporter Brooke DiPalma joins Market Domination to discuss how fast food companies are handling the cautious consumer.
All right, but let let's start with Shake Shack.
Yeah.
Reports, and this one is getting whacked in today's session. What is spooking investors here?
Yeah, right now as we make our way towards the close, shares are about down 29%. And what's really spooking investors is that same store sales growth that they're seeing currently in the month of April. The company said that in April they're seeing same store sales guidance or same store sales down about .6%. But yet in the second quarter, they say that they're going to hit same store sales growth of 3 to 5%. So Wall Street is sort of questioning here like, okay, like where's this going to come from? and and how optimistic is this? And so that really is weighing on results right now
Well they were they were talking about like uh I mean they're kind of to your point, they were spelling out some reasons for optimism ahead, right? They new items on the menu, the World Cup. What did you think of that? I mean, did that sound like realistic to you?
Yeah, well, well, what I think of it is that that is something that many in the industry are saying right now, especially those who have a strong presence in New York. Of course, Shake Shack was founded in New York, of course, the FIFA World Cup. This conversation always goes back to Jersey. It's happening in Jersey. and so they're expecting a strong pull there. But but what you know, really what I'm hearing from the street as well is that despite the fact that that's going to happen, they're saying that this embedded acceleration and the World Cup is a bit optimistic here. We heard that from TD Cowen Andrew Charles. He says that this acceleration that they're expecting just to happen because of the World's Cup might be a bit over their skis so to say.
Is this do you do you think this is a Shake Shack story or this is like some broader fast casual story?
Well, what we've seen so far is kind of like these puts and these takes, the different companies playing out differently. We saw Chipotle post a very modest same store sales increase of 0.5%, but Wall Street had expected a decline of about 1%. At the same exact time though, you had Starbucks post that 7% same store sales growth. You had such momentum in the quarter. It seems like those that are playing into what consumers are looking for, this innovation, this newness, and that makes them worth willing to pay the price. So maybe for Shake Shack, this just didn't vote as well. Some of those limited time offerings didn't maybe do as well as they expected. They also said that the shift of Easter weekend weight on results and also declines in tourism to New York City, likely because of that harsh weather that we saw. So lots of different puts and takes, depends on who you are, depends your your base, how many stores you have and where you're playing into who you're catering to right now.
Let's switch gears to McDonald's because they report results. Investors always watch this one closely, a consumer read. What do they say?
Well, I did catch up with the CFO Ian Borden, uh this morning and and what he was sort of saying there was that despite the fact that it was a challenging environment, they were really able to play into value, but also that premium offering. Think about that archburger that went viral with their CEO Chris Kempchinsky. by more consumers coming for those extra value meals. They launched a $4 breakfast deal. They launched under $3 meal during April. All of those, on top of people paying more for maybe that chicken platform that they launched. I think it was hot honey chicken and the arch burger. All of that together, they ended up posting a same through sales growth of 3.9%. The street was pretty much looking for that. And so that's a decline though from what we saw that 7% growth earlier this year. So it does go to show that perhaps consumers are leaning into value these days, but maybe, you know, not as much as where they were earlier this year. Maybe they're choosing to to cook at home.
Finally, Craft Heinz. Uh CEO talked with the journal and making a statement here that got some attention. says, consumers are literally running out of money toward the end of the month. What do you think of that?
I mean, that's a scary thought. I think that what we are hearing so much even even from um the CFO over at McDonald's, you're important is that clearly the low-income consumer is under significant pressure from those higher gas prices. and that sort of alludes to to what, you know, Craft Heinz was saying as well. On top of that too, you have these reports from say Bank of America saying that stimulus from the one big beautiful bill is going to run out soon and these higher gas prices are really going to be in effect that tax the higher tax people call these higher gas prices is really going to weigh on consumers. And on top of that too, not only do you have this pull back of consumers, but then Craft is going through its own different thing, that turnaround attempt that it's trying to do while now not diversifying or or breaking up into two se as well.
It is, to your point, it is interesting if you add it up. So basically, it's like McDonald's is winning on value and Kraft Heinz is telling you, you know, he sees a consumer that's basically tapped out.
Tapped out.
Yeah. And speaking to at least a consumer, a low-income consumer that to your point is feeling some stress.
Absolutely, feeling some some significant stress. and there was a note once again from Bank of America that just kept reiterating, okay, we're seeing the K-shaped economy, meaning that the high income consumers is really propping up this economy. The low-income consumers remaining under pressure. That's continuing, not only with what we're seeing with these results, with the housing market, the labor market, and pretty much everywhere right now.
All right, thank you, Brook. Appreciate it.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio