Title: Meta's Revenue Growth Is Impressive, but This Remains a Big Problem
Date: 2026-05-04 19:50
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/05/04/metas-revenue-growth-is-impressive-but-this-remain/?.tsrc=rss

The company recently hiked its capex guidance for the year.
Meta Platforms (META +0.28%) is a social media giant and one of the most valuable companies in the world, with a market cap of around $1.5 trillion. When it reports earnings, as it did recently, expectations are high. Not only does the company need to show growth, but investors need to be convinced that it's on a strong path forward.
While one half of that equation looks to be solid, with its financials looking strong and Meta's growth rate being fairly high, investors may be more concerned about how it will do in the long run, as it invests heavily in not only the metaverse but also artificial intelligence (AI).
Image source: Getty Images.
Meta released its latest quarterly results last week, on April 29. Its growth rate for the quarter ending March 31 was solid, coming in at 33%. But what likely spooked investors was that its guidance for capital expenditures, also known as just capex, would also be higher than previously projected. Now, the company expects capex for the year to be within a range of $125 billion and $145 billion. Previously, it was projected to be within $115 billion and $135 billion.
The company blames the increase on "higher component pricing this year and, to a lesser extent, additional data center costs to support future year capacity." Investors have been concerned with high AI spend in the past, and news of those costs likely being higher than expected simply wasn't good news, which is why, despite the seemingly strong quarter, shares of Meta have fallen in recent days.
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
Since the start of the year, Meta's stock has declined by 8%. While it's not at its 52-week low of $520.26 just yet, it is getting closer to that level; on Friday, it closed at just under $609. Currently, Meta's stock trades at a price-to-earnings multiple of 22, which is a fair bit lower than the S&P 500's average earnings multiple of 26.
Meta's stock is cheaper than it was several months ago, but you need to be aware of the risks and question marks surrounding the business. While it's doing extremely well these days and its growth is impressive, it may not always be that way, especially if it needs to change its business practices to improve child safety. Whether AI proves to be a huge growth opportunity or just another money pit like the metaverse is also a huge unknown. That's why I'd take a wait-and-see approach with the stock.

 


Before you buy stock in Meta Platforms, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Meta Platforms wasn’t one of them. Generational wealth is rarely built on a single hot stock pick — it’s built on a resilient, diversified foundation designed to compound for decades. If your goal is to pursue true generational wealth, you’ll want to see the 10 stocks our analysts believe are the best to buy now.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $496,473!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,216,605!* That’s the power of choosing a handful of potential long‑term winners and letting time do the heavy lifting.
Today, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 202% for the S&P 500. If your goal is to start building true generational wealth, don’t miss the latest top 10 list available with Stock Advisor, and take your next step toward a portfolio that can benefit not just you, but your family for years to come.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of May 4, 2026. 

David Jagielski, CPA has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Meta Platforms. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends