Title: May Outlook_ AI Fundamentals Overpower Geopolitics
Date: 2026-05-04 15:06
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/technology/articles/may-outlook-ai-fundamentals-overpower-150600962.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady
Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight
Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo'
A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate
Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
For weeks, Wall Street was obsessed with each and every headline out of the conflict in the Middle East between the United States and Iran. All it took was just one negative headline or escalation to send the Nasdaq lower by more than 1% and oil surging by more than 5%.
Currently, the strategically important Strait of Hormuz (which is vital to the energy trade) remains in a standstill due to a U.S. naval blockade, ensuring that crude oil prices remain elevated (crude oil is currently trading above $100). Until April, U.S. stocks fell whenever crude oil prices rose. However, over the past few weeks, an important change has occurred. U.S. stocks are decoupling from oil spikes and are no longer as reactive. To savvy market watchers, this change is critical and suggests that investors are refocusing on the economy’s fundamentals (which I will discuss later) and not geopolitics. The current price action mirrors historical geopolitical events. According to the data, geopolitical shocks tend to have a short-term impact on equity markets.
Image Source: Charles Schwab
Last week marked the busiest week of earnings season and included reports from “Mag 7” tech giants such as Meta Platforms (META), Amazon (AMZN), and Alphabet (GOOGL). Although the initial reaction to earnings from Mag 7 stocks was mixed, capital expenditure (CAPEX) spending plans from big tech hyperscalers are far from slowing and was the true story. In fact, CAPEX spending is expected to soar from under $500 billion in 2025 to $646 billion in 2026 and a staggering $1 trillion or more in 2027!
Image Source: Apollo
Hyperscaler capex in 2026 will represent a staggering 2% of GDP in 2026 and is roughly the same size as the market cap of the stock markets in Belgium, Denmark, and Indonesia. In Q1, AI was already 75% of GDP growth. That trend is likely to continue. Meanwhile, hyperscaler spending is driving unfathomable demand for AI infrastructure. For instance, Microsoft (MSFT) recently paid ‘neocloud’ provider Nebius Group (NBIS) 40% of a multi-year contract upfront.
Although the old Wall Street adage that warns investors to “Sell in May and go away” is catchy, historical data disproves it. According to Bluekurtic Market Insights (@Bluekurtic): “Since 1950, the S&P 500 has peaked for the year in May less than 3% of the time. Only 2 of the last 76 years saw SPX make its high in May: 1969 and 2015. Even better, the index has never peaked for the year in June either. Never.”
Image Source: Bluekurtic Market Insights
Bottom Line
While the headlines may remain focused on naval blockades and energy costs, the underlying market fundamentals and price action tell a far more optimistic story. The sheer scale of AI infrastructure demand- highlighted by massive upfront contracts and historic CAPEX plans- is providing a fundamental floor that geopolitics simply can’t crack.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Meta Platforms, Inc. (META) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Nebius Group N.V. (NBIS) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio