Title: CoreWeave’s Stunning Rally Creates Prove-It Moment for Earnings
Date: 2026-05-07 17:46
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/coreweave-stunning-rally-creates-prove-174657942.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
(Bloomberg) -- CoreWeave Inc. shares are on a scorching run in 2026 as demand for computing capacity to power artificial intelligence keeps growing. But now investors want to see some proof that the neo-cloud provider is executing on its ambitious plans.
Most Read from Bloomberg
Billionaire Duke of Westminster to Sell £700 Million of US Real Estate Assets
US Has Opened a Passage Through Hormuz, Central Command Says
DOJ Plans Intervention in Trump Supreme Court Carroll Appeal
China Asks Banks to Pause New Loans to US-Sanctioned Refiner
Sony to Pay Almost $4 Billion for Bieber, Neil Young Catalog
The chance arrives when CoreWeave reports earnings after the bell on Thursday. Recent results from the biggest AI spenders like Alphabet Inc. and Meta Platforms Inc. made it clear that the need for computing power is insatiable as capital expenditures continue to rise. Considering the company rents access to AI infrastructure featuring the latest chips from Nvidia Corp., that plays right into its hands.
“There is an insane amount of demand for AI compute,” said Tejas Dessai, director of thematic research at Global X ETFs. “The backdrop is extremely positive for CoreWeave.”
Investors will be closely monitoring CoreWeave’s revenue acceleration, its outlook for the rest of the year and its backlog heading into 2027, he said.
The stock is up 78% this year and a stunning 218% since the Livingston, New Jersey-based company went public in March 2025. The latest rally got going roughly a month ago as investors regained faith in the AI trade and CoreWeave announced deals with Meta, Anthropic PBC and Jane Street Group in quick succession.
CoreWeave shares were down as much as 9.1% in intraday trading Thursday after rallying 7.9% on Wednesday.
Of the 36 analysts tracked by Bloomberg who follow CoreWeave, 23 have buy ratings on the stock and only two have sells. But their average 12-month price target of $131 is below where the shares closed Wednesday, even though it’s been rising over the past six months.
Wall Street expects the company to report revenue of nearly $2 billion in the first quarter, twice what it posted a year ago, and a loss of $1.20 per share, which would be an improvement from a loss of $1.49 a share in the first quarter of 2025. CoreWeave’s revenue backlog was nearly $67 billion as of Dec. 31, and the recent deals should raise its remaining performance obligations significantly.
“CoreWeave’s 1Q results will likely echo strength at Amazon.com and Alphabet’s Google amid rising AI-compute demand and the need for higher near-term spending to ramp up infrastructure,” Bloomberg Intelligence analyst Anurag Rana wrote in a May 4 note. “We see a high likelihood that management will increase both its 2026 sales and capital expenditure targets, backed by a recent string of new financing deals.”
Selloff Risk
Of course, there’s a risk that these earnings will give investors reasons to sell the stock, which has happened after every report since CoreWeave’s IPO, although the shares have quickly recovered from the downturns. In February, the company said its capital expenditures would be higher than expected and the stock tumbled 19%, its worst session in six months.
“The market has made itself comfortable with a certain level of capex spending from CoreWeave, and if they come out with a figure that far exceeds that, I think that would be something that the market scrutinizes very closely,” Dessai said. “They have to back it up with commensurate revenue scale as well.”
Heightened spending also puts the focus on margins. CoreWeave is expected to post a first-quarter gross margin of about 67%, with analysts and investors looking for that number to climb over the coming quarters.
“Sustained margin expansion remains necessary to unlock further upside for the stock,” Bank of America analysts led by Tal Liani wrote in a May 5 note, in which they raised their price target to $140 from $120. “As revenue recognition ramps through the year, we expect margins to follow.”
Investors will also be listening for details about CoreWeave’s rising debt level, and any update on its relationship with OpenAI. The shares slumped last week after the AI startup reportedly missed its sales and user targets.
“If they were to continue to finance every one of these contracts that they brought on at junk bond rates, then that would not be sustainable because I wouldn’t think that the business would inflect quickly enough to generate the cash to be paying double-digit interest rates,” said Paul Meeks, head of technology research at Freedom Capital Markets, who is bullish on CoreWeave and is generally encouraged by the company’s spending plans.
But ultimately, what Meeks and other investors are most concerned about is how much computing power CoreWeave brought online in the quarter.
“It’s all about, tell me how many megawatts you had on Dec. 31, 2025, and how many active megawatts you have on March 31, 2026,” he said. “That’s all I want.”
Tech Chart of the Day
Top Tech Stories
Arm Holdings Plc warned of sluggishness in the smartphone industry, crimping a vital source of the chip company’s revenue, while promising that AI data center growth would more than offset the slump.
GameStop Corp. Chief Executive Officer Ryan Cohen said his eBay Inc. account was suspended following a publicity stunt in which he listed a raft of personal items — including a pair of socks — to fund his $56 billion bid for the online marketplace.
Anthropic has signed an agreement with Elon Musk’s SpaceX to bolster computing resources and meet surging demand for its Claude artificial intelligence software.
Anthropic, which originally aimed its Claude chatbot at businesses, is looking to capitalize on recent inroads with consumers by making the software more appealing to everyday people.
Earnings Due Thursday
Earnings Premarket:
NetScout Systems Inc. (NTCT US)
ScanSource Inc. (SCSC US)
Ziff Davis Inc. (ZD US)
ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW US)
Appian Corp. (APPN US)
Arrow Electronics Inc. (ARW US)
Datadog Inc. (DDOG US)
Epam Systems Inc. (EPAM US)
Macom Technology Solutions (MTSI US)
NCR Voyix Corp. (VYX US)
Sabre Corp. (SABR US)
Stratasys Ltd. (SSYS US)
TripAdvisor Inc. (TRIP US)
Nexstar Media Group Inc. (NXST US)
Warner Music Group Corp. (WMG US)
Earnings Postmarket:
Diodes Inc. (DIOD US)
Par Technology Corp. (PAR US)
Akamai Technologies Inc. (AKAM US)
Alarm.com Holdings Inc. (ALRM US)
Arlo Technologies Inc. (ARLO US)
Axcelis Technologies Inc. (ACLS US)
Cargurus Inc. (CARG US)
Cloudflare Inc. (NET US)
DXC Technology Co. (DXC US)
Dropbox Inc. (DBX US)
Gen Digital Inc. (GEN US)
Groupon Inc. (GRPN US)
HubSpot Inc. (HUBS US)
Motorola Solutions Inc. (MSI US)
News Corp. (NWSA US)
PDF Solutions Inc. (PDFS US)
Power Integrations Inc. (POWI US)
RingCentral Inc. (RNG US)
Sprout Social Inc. (SPT US)
Synaptics Inc. (SYNA US)
Yelp Inc. (YELP US)
QuinStreet Inc. (QNST US)
Trade Desk Inc. (TTD US)
--With assistance from Subrat Patnaik and Margaryta Kirakosian.
(Updates stock moves throughout)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
Raising Cane’s Grew From an Idea a College Professor Hated
The Messy, Humiliating Courtroom Drama Between Elon Musk and OpenAI
America’s Go-To Autism Therapy Is Also the Most Controversial
How Trump Has Made the Doctor Shortage Worse
A Fight Over Dirt in Utah Hints at the Future of America’s Public Lands
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio