Title: 2 Dividend Stocks I'd Buy Without Hesitation During a Market Crash
Date: 2026-05-04 21:35
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/05/04/2-dividend-stocks-id-buy-without-hesitation-during/?.tsrc=rss

Market crashes are a time when Wall Street is filled with fear, which is a great time for level-headed investors to buy well-run companies.
I've lived through two material bear markets, the dot-com crash at the turn of the century and the market downturn that accompanied the Great Recession. At the time, they were terrible, but in hindsight, they were great times to buy stocks. 
There will eventually be another market crash; that's just how Wall Street works. Preparing ahead with a short list of stocks you would love to own if they were only cheaper will prepare you to buy while everyone else is selling. I suggest you put NextEra Energy (NEE 1.49%) and Procter & Gamble (PG 2.61%) on your short list. Here's why.
Image source: Getty Images.
The foundation of NextEra Energy's business is Florida Power & Light. It is a regulated utility in the state of Florida. Florida has long benefited from in-migration as U.S. citizens look for a warmer climate and lower taxes (Florida has no state income tax). So the company's regulated utility operation has a growth bias, with regulators seemingly happy to work with the company on its capital investment plans and rates. That alone makes NextEra Energy attractive, since its customers will continue to buy electricity even in a market downturn, but there's another part of the business.
In addition to the regulated utility operations, NextEra Energy is also one of the world's largest generators of solar and wind power. This is the company's big growth driver. Oil and natural gas will remain important power sources for decades to come, but the longer-term shift is still toward cleaner energy alternatives. NextEra Energy has proven to be a good steward of shareholder capital, having used its unique combination of businesses to support decades of annual dividend increases.
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
Dividend increases should continue, given the company has projected 8% annualized earnings growth through 2030. In 2026, dividend growth is expected to be 10%, with 6% in the two years thereafter. These are solid numbers for a utility, but NextEra Energy's stock is normally afforded a premium. Right now, however, the yield is 2.5%, which is inline with the average utility yield. NextEra is reasonably attractive now, but a market crash could make the stock extra attractive. 
Procter & Gamble is one of the world's largest consumer staples companies. It is also a Dividend King, with over 50 years of annual dividend increases. P&G can stand toe-to-toe with any competitor when it comes to marketing, brand strength, and distribution. Where it really shines is innovation. 
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. 
The company is always bringing out new and improved products. It wants to offer customers superior products and grow the categories in which it competes. This focus keeps P&G ahead of the consumer products pack and makes the company a valuable partner for its retailer customers.
Adding to the allure is the nature of the products P&G sells. You aren't going to stop buying deodorant and toilet paper during a market crash or recession. That makes the business very resilient, highlighted by the 3% organic growth it achieved in the fiscal third quarter of 2026 despite increasingly budget-conscious consumers. The dividend yield is 2.9%, which is fairly attractive compared to the 2.2% average for the consumer staples sector. It is worth looking at now, but a deep market sell-off would be an even better opportunity to buy this industry-leading consumer staples company.
Market crashes are a normal feature on Wall Street. You can't avoid them if you are going to be a long-term investor, but you can prepare to take advantage of them. Create a wish list before the next market crash, and you'll increase your chances of buying when most investors are selling out of fear. 
I think two good additions for your wish list are NextEra Energy and Procter & Gamble. You could probably justify buying each one right now, but you'll likely get an even better opportunity if there is a deep bear market.

 


Before you buy stock in NextEra Energy, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and NextEra Energy wasn’t one of them. Generational wealth is rarely built on a single hot stock pick — it’s built on a resilient, diversified foundation designed to compound for decades. If your goal is to pursue true generational wealth, you’ll want to see the 10 stocks our analysts believe are the best to buy now.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $496,473!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,216,605!* That’s the power of choosing a handful of potential long‑term winners and letting time do the heavy lifting.
Today, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 202% for the S&P 500. If your goal is to start building true generational wealth, don’t miss the latest top 10 list available with Stock Advisor, and take your next step toward a portfolio that can benefit not just you, but your family for years to come.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of May 4, 2026. 

Reuben Gregg Brewer has positions in Procter & Gamble. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends NextEra Energy. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 18 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends