Title: Prediction_ This Silver ETF Will Take Off After May 15
Date: 2026-05-04 21:20
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/05/04/prediction-this-silver-etf-will-take-off-after-may/?.tsrc=rss

Concerns about the Federal Reserve's independence and strategy is likely to result in investors loading up on silver again.
Investors don't appear to be as excited about silver as they were earlier in the year. On Monday, the precious metal was trading around $73, a far cry from the highs it reached in January, when it traded above $121 per ounce. That's a 40% decline since then. 
Typically, there's significant demand for silver and gold when investors are concerned about the economy, which doesn't appear to be the case these days. The S&P 500 has been rising of late, and in the process, silver has been sliding. During the past three months, the broad index has climbed by 4% in value, while the iShares Silver Trust (SLV 3.44%), which tracks the price of silver, has fallen by 14%.
However, I predict that after May 15, investors will once again begin loading up on silver.
Image source: Getty Images.
May 15 is an important day for the stock market as a whole, not just silver. It marks the end of Jerome Powell's term as Fed chair. Kevin Warsh is expected to take over, and with that comes a Fed era that could be mired in uncertainty and controversy. Warsh is President Trump's chosen successor, and the expectation is that rate cuts will follow.
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
The market may have worries about the Fed's independence under Warsh. Another concern is that Powell isn't planning on leaving the Fed. He has indicated he will stay on as a governor until a controversial federal investigation into him is resolved and completely over, "with transparency and finality." Trump has previously said he would fire Powell if he didn't leave willingly, and such a move could wreak havoc on the markets, prompting investors to seek safe-haven investments such as silver. 
I don't believe the drama at the Fed is going to end quickly or quietly. And with valuations high and the economy still on shaky ground, there are already ample reasons for investors to consider opting for safety these days. Adding Fed uncertainty into the mix may lead to a surge in demand for silver, which would send the value of the iShares Silver Trust soaring in the process.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. 
Whether you're bullish on silver, worried about Fed uncertainty, or just want a good way to diversify your portfolio, now may be a good time to add the iShares Silver Trust to your portfolio.

 


Before you buy stock in iShares Silver Trust, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and iShares Silver Trust wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut are built for long-term growth and could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $496,473!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,216,605!*
That performance is why people listen. With a track record of beating the S&P 500 by nearly 5x, Stock Advisor offers a distinct advantage. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built for the long haul.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of May 4, 2026. 

David Jagielski, CPA has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 35 Amazons.
What in the world could be worth 35 Amazons? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends