Title: Is Eli Lilly Stock Heading for $1,000_
Date: 2026-05-04 21:50
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/05/04/is-eli-lilly-stock-heading-for-1000/?.tsrc=rss

Eli Lilly's valuation looks far more attractive now than it did even a year ago.
Eli Lilly (LLY +0.44%) just delivered another fantastic quarter, showcasing its impressive growth prospects. The company has been a leader in the growing GLP-1 drug market, with fantastic assets in Mounjaro and Zepbound driving much of its growth in recent years. 
However, despite its strong growth, the stock has given back gains in recent months and is down from the highs of more than $1,100 that it reached earlier in the year. On Monday, it was trading at around $960. In light of its strong Q1 results, can it get back to $1,000 and potentially hit new highs? 
Image source: Getty Images.
Analyst projections can be useful indicators of the level of bullishness behind a stock. Currently, the consensus analyst price target for Eli Lilly's stock is around $1,215, which implies an upside of approximately 26% for investors who buy it today. And out of 30 analysts, an overwhelming 25 of them rate the stock as a buy. Price targets can change over time, but even among analysts who have been lowering their targets for Eli Lilly recently, many of them still see the healthcare stock rising to well over $1,000.
Price targets focus on where analysts think a stock may go in the short term (typically the next 12 months or so). For long-term investors who are willing to hang on longer than that, the upside can, of course, be far more significant than that.
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
What works in the stock's favor these days is that its valuation looks far more attractive than it has been in recent years. For a top growth stock, it can be justifiable to pay a premium, and the good news for investors is that the premium has been coming down for Eli Lilly this year. As its share price has been coming down and as earnings have been rising, the stock has become much cheaper in the process.

LLY PE Ratio data by YCharts
Eli Lilly's price-to-earnings multiple may not be dirt cheap, but it's not bad at all for a company that generated nearly 60% revenue growth in its most recent quarter. And within a span of just three years, the company has grown its sales from $28.5 billion in 2022 to $65.2 billion in 2025. Its profits have also more than tripled during that stretch, to $20.6 billion.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 968%* — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 202% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of May 4, 2026. 
With excellent fundamentals and growth prospects, I wouldn't be surprised for Eli Lilly's stock to rally this year and to surge past the $1,000 mark in the near term. And in the long run, it can rise far higher than that, which is why I believe it's an excellent long-term holding.

 


Before you buy stock in Eli Lilly, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Eli Lilly wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut are built for long-term growth and could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $496,473!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,216,605!*
That performance is why people listen. With a track record of beating the S&P 500 by nearly 5x, Stock Advisor offers a distinct advantage. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built for the long haul.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of May 4, 2026. 

David Jagielski, CPA has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends