Title: 3 Absurdly Cheap Growth Stocks to Buy in May 2026
Date: 2026-05-04 21:42
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/05/04/3-absurdly-cheap-growth-stocks-to-buy-in-may-2026/?.tsrc=rss

These stocks have been struggling over the past year, but their growth days are far from over.
Looking for top growth stocks to buy this month? I have got some great options for you to consider. The stocks I'm going to cover aren't highly overpriced tech stocks. Instead, they can prove to be potential bargain buys right now, especially if you're hanging on for the long haul.
Three growth stocks that I think can be among the best value buys right now are Novo Nordisk (NVO +1.23%), PDD Holdings (PDD 1.93%), and Intuit (INTU +2.02%). 
Image source: Getty Images.
Danish pharma giant Novo Nordisk has been struggling mightily over the past 12 months, with its shares down an incredible 36% over that stretch. Rising competition and fears that it's falling behind rival Eli Lilly in the GLP-1 race have been weighing down its valuation heavily.
While Novo Nordisk is facing adversity these days and it recently underwent a change in CEO, its fundamentals remain strong. The business is profitable, its margins are high at 33%, and it has some incredibly strong assets in Ozempic and Wegovy. It also obtained approval for its weight loss pill late last year. 
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
The company expects its revenue to decline this year, but that doesn't mean that it won't recover. With a strong portfolio of products and a huge GLP-1 market to tap into, I wouldn't count out the healthcare stock in the long run. And with it trading at a forward price-to-earnings (P/E) multiple of just 13, which is based on analyst expectations, it may be too cheap a stock to pass up on right now.
PDD Holdings is the company behind the popular online marketplace, Temu, whose goods come mainly from Chinese sellers. Tariffs and trade uncertainty have weighed down this stock, which has fallen 12% over the past year. It's also down more than 30% from its 52-week high of $139.41.
When our analyst team has a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 968%* — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 202% for the S&P 500.
They just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now, available when you join Stock Advisor.
*Stock Advisor returns as of May 4, 2026. 
Its revenue is still going in the right direction, however, with PDD reporting 12% revenue growth during the last three months of 2025. Temu remains a popular shopping app with consumers, and although economic and trade conditions may not be ideal between China and the U.S. these days, this can be an ideal long-term holding for patient investors, as it has the potential to recover from its headwinds, potentially setting the stock up for a big rally in the future.
There is some risk and uncertainty with PDD, but in return for that, you can buy the stock at a fairly low discount. It trades at a forward P/E of just eight, which gives you an excellent margin of safety in the event that the business continues to encounter challenges. While its growth isn't what it once was, I wouldn't count out PDD Holdings given the popularity of Temu.
Shares of software company Intuit are down a staggering 36% over the past 12 months. Concerns over artificial intelligence (AI) crippling software stocks are likely why Intuit has been faring poorly this year.
But the business itself has generated good growth over the years, and in its latest quarterly results, which went up until the end of January, revenue was up 17%. Businesses and individuals rely on its accounting and tax software, and as powerful as AI may be, software also needs to be highly trusted when it comes to finances -- and that's where Intuit, with its strong QuickBooks and TurboTax brands, has a huge advantage. 
The stock's sell-off looks overblown, and while it may be unnerving to see the stock crash as badly as Intuit has, that doesn't mean the underlying business is in serious trouble. With some terrific assets in its portfolio, I'm confident the company can and will continue to grow, leveraging AI to add value along the way. 
Intuit's fall in value means the stock now trades at a forward P/E of just 15. There's excellent value here for growth investors, as Intuit's stock can and should recover; it's just a matter of how long it may take. But if you're patient, the gains could be significant from hanging onto the stock.


 


Before you buy stock in Novo Nordisk, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Novo Nordisk wasn’t one of them. Generational wealth is rarely built on a single hot stock pick — it’s built on a resilient, diversified foundation designed to compound for decades. If your goal is to pursue true generational wealth, you’ll want to see the 10 stocks our analysts believe are the best to buy now.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $496,473!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,216,605!* That’s the power of choosing a handful of potential long‑term winners and letting time do the heavy lifting.
Today, Stock Advisor’s total average return is 968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 202% for the S&P 500. If your goal is to start building true generational wealth, don’t miss the latest top 10 list available with Stock Advisor, and take your next step toward a portfolio that can benefit not just you, but your family for years to come.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of May 4, 2026. 

David Jagielski, CPA has positions in Novo Nordisk. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Intuit. The Motley Fool recommends Novo Nordisk. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 18 Nvidias.
What in the world could be worth 18 Nvidias? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends