Title: Jobless Claims Increased Less Than Expected
Date: 2026-05-07 15:32
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/economy/articles/jobless-claims-increased-less-expected-153200887.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
Pre-market futures are up again at this hour, adding to a big day Wednesday that saw the Nasdaq up over +500 points and the Dow +600. While the ceasefire in the Middle East tentatively holds for now, Q1 earnings results are setting records, riding the AI trade to new heights. The Dow is presently +127 points, the S&P 500 is +11, the Nasdaq +23 and the small-cap Russell 2000 is +4 points.
The war in Iran has begun to wear on investors’ patience, and they have begun to tune out the day-to-day, which remains precarious. For instance, today Iran continues to review the latest 14-point plan submitted by the U.S. According to President Trump, we “might have a deal” or “we might start bombing.” As always, keep abreast of developments here, especially considering spot oil prices: both WTI and Brent are back under $100/bbl at this hour.
Weekly Jobless Claims continue their most consistently healthy figures this morning, with Initial Jobless Claims flowing up to +200K (from a slightly upwardly revised +190K for the previous week), but still below the projected +206K for the week. These are levels last seen in the latter half of 2022, when they were drawing comparisons to the late 1960s.
Continuing Claims, reported a week in arrears from new claims, fell to a new near-term low +1.766 million, below the downwardly revised +1.776 million the prior week. We’ve not seen results like these on longer-term unemployment claims since early 2024. For around six months in 2025, we were between +1.90 and +1.975 million long-term claims.
This suggests, perhaps, that the U.S. labor market is in fine shape. However, from the monthly reports we can see we are closer to flat on overall jobs growth, with large tranches of layoffs from some of the biggest companies in America every quarter. Perhaps newly pink-slipped individuals are calling it a career and retiring, perhaps they’re finding ways outside of declaring unemployment (driving for Uber or DoorDash, for instance), but whatever it is, drawing from jobless claims is apparently not the go-to move in aggregate at this time.
Also reported ahead of today’s opening bell is Q1 Productivity — the “secret sauce” of the U.S. economy. Today’s headline of +0.8% is 20 basis points (bps) below expectations, and the lowest print since Q1 of the previous year, which came in at -0.9%. Q4 has been revised lower to +1.6%.
Unit Labor Costs were also down for the quarter: +2.3% (from +2.5% anticipated). This is the lowest we’ve seen since Q3 of 2025, and alleviates some of the pressure from lower productivity: if we’re not producing as many goods, at least we’re paying less for them.
We’re past the heaviest section of Q1 earnings season, with six of the “Mag 7” already having reported (NVIDIA is still two weeks from now), but some key results have hit the tape this morning:
McDonald’s (MCD) outpaced estimates for Q1, with earnings of $2.83 per share beating the Zacks consensus by +3.28%, on revenues in the quarter of $6.52 billion, +0.49% from estimates. Yet the “challenging environment” the company sees is dragging stocks from their early-morning gains; shares are down -7% year to date.
TripAdvisor (TRIP) missed estimates on both top and bottom lines this morning, posting a loss of -$0.11 per share for Q1, below the Zacks consensus of -$0.03, with $382.4 million beneath projections by -0.79%. Shares remain flat at this hour, as well, though we see the stock has already sold off -23% year to date.
Planet Fitness (PLNT) outperformed relatively strongly in its Q1 report, with earnings of +$0.74 per share a +17.6% beat over expectations on $337.24 million in revenues, which topped estimates by +12.8%. However, lowered guidance is sending shares down again, -22% at this hour, adding to the stock’s -40% downturn since the start of the year.
Fashionable handbag (Coach and Kate Spade) holding company Tapestry (TPR) posted strong figures in its fiscal Q3 this morning: earnings of $1.66 per share outpaced the $1.33 in the Zacks consensus by +26.7%. Revenues of $1.92 billion were +8.5% ahead of estimates. But the pending tariff hit sent guidance lower, so shares are -4.6% at this hour ahead of the open — though still up double digits year to date.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
McDonald's Corporation (MCD) : Free Stock Analysis Report
TripAdvisor, Inc. (TRIP) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Planet Fitness, Inc. (PLNT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Tapestry, Inc. (TPR) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio