Title: Trump’s Affordability Push Stalls Ahead of Midterm Elections
Date: 2026-05-07 10:45
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/economy/policy/articles/trump-affordability-push-stalls-ahead-104500590.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
(Bloomberg) -- The Trump administration’s fitful campaign to address US voters’ affordability concerns ahead of the midterm elections is faltering, with some key efforts stalled, cast aside or limited in scope.
Most Read from Bloomberg
US Has Opened a Passage Through Hormuz, Central Command Says
DOJ Plans Intervention in Trump Supreme Court Carroll Appeal
Billionaire Duke of Westminster to Sell £700 Million of US Real Estate Assets
China Asks Banks to Pause New Loans to US-Sanctioned Refiner
Sony to Pay Almost $4 Billion for Bieber, Neil Young Catalog
The biggest piece of housing legislation in a generation has languished on Capitol Hill because of lawmakers’ objections to a provision negotiated by the White House. President Donald Trump has stopped touting a proposed 10% cap on credit-card interest rates, after backlash from banks and skepticism from economists.
And two executive orders, one aimed at easing access to mortgage credit and another that seeks to streamline regulations for builders, are not yet fully implemented and experts say they would only help marginally.
At the same time, the war in Iran has driven up gas prices and sent a chill through the spring housing market. It has also drowned out the administration’s set-piece events meant to highlight larger tax refunds and measures to lower drug prices.
Some Republicans are also frustrated with the administration’s scattershot messaging, particularly around last year’s signature tax law, according to a GOP operative who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss sensitive matters. That measure contained a provision to boost affordable housing alongside a series of tax cuts.
Voters have taken notice: Consumer sentiment fell last month to its lowest level on record dating back to 1978. And with less than six months until Election Day, Trump’s approval rating has touched new lows.
If the White House doesn’t reverse that trend, it will put Republicans at greater risk of losing control of Congress — an outcome that would stymie the president’s agenda during the final two years of his term.
“The politics are really, really tough for Republicans on the affordability issue now,” said Ryan Bourne, an economic scholar at the libertarian Cato Institute.
Just 23% of US adults approve of how Trump is handling the cost of living, compared with 76% who disapprove, according to an AP-NORC survey conducted in mid-April.
Still, the White House insists its economic agenda is on track.
“While the President has been clear about short-term disruptions as a result of Operation Epic Fury, the Administration is focused on the proven Trump agenda of tax cuts, deregulation, and energy abundance to keep America on a solid economic trajectory,” said White House spokesman Kush Desai.
Housing, Credit Pushback
The Senate passed a housing package in March that includes an idea the president trumpeted in January: a restriction on institutional investors buying single-family homes.
But a detail of that Trump-backed proposal has tripped up the bill in the House. It requires investors to sell build-to-rent homes after seven years, which critics say would stunt construction of new rental units.
Politico reported this week that Trump has soured on that rule. A White House official pointed to the administration’s statement of support for the housing bill when asked about the report.
“The President will not stop fighting until the American Dream of homeownership is within reach for every American, which is why he continues to sign bold new executive orders and calls on Congress to pass further legislation,” said White House spokesman Davis Ingle.
That’s hardly the only measure that’s gotten a cold reception outside the White House. The credit-card interest rate cap was panned by the finance industry, with JPMorgan Chase & Co. Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon arguing it would spell “economic disaster.”
Such a cap would require an act of Congress, and plenty of Republicans are leery of supporting it. House Speaker Mike Johnson dismissed it as an “out-of-the-box” idea that could result in “negative secondary effects.” Trump ally Stephen Moore warned in a report published last week that the measure would restrict consumer credit and could even risk a recession.
Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, the top Democrat on the Senate Banking Committee, last week pressed financial regulators on having “done nothing” to lower credit-card interest rates, which currently hover around 21% on average, according to the Federal Reserve.
Even as it has gone quiet on the credit-card proposal, the White House is looking for other ways to address consumer costs. In addition to the housing executive orders, it continues to negotiate with drugmakers for lower prices, according to another White House official who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss future announcements. There are plans in the works aimed at bringing down costs of some grocery items, the official said.
In what was billed as a “major housing announcement,” administration officials last month updated reporters on an effort to incorporate new credit-score models into the housing finance system.
Those changes won’t translate to significant savings for consumers, according to Douglas Holtz-Eakin, president of the right-leaning American Action Forum.
“The cost of credit scores as a part of the purchase price of the house is nothing,” he said.
One attempt to make housing more affordable had a brief impact, only for the war in Iran to reverse any relief.
The announcement that government-controlled Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac would buy $200 billion in mortgage bonds briefly spurred mortgage interest rates to fall below 6% for the first time since 2022. Then the conflict began, causing rates to rise to 6.46% in a matter of weeks. The interest rate on a 30-year fixed mortgage loan is currently 6.3%, according to Freddie Mac data.
Long-Simmering Challenges
One challenge for Trump, Bourne said, is that it’s difficult for any president to quickly move the needle on pocketbook issues, because the factors that shape them are so complex. Some steps Trump could take would require congressional action or removing the tariffs that are the foundation of his economic agenda, Bourne added.
“That’s why he’s left scrambling around, putting out executive orders and rule changes, because he wants to show that he recognizes the degree of dissatisfaction with the issue,” Bourne said. “But the truth is, there’s not actually a ton he can directly do about it.”
Trump himself has shown hints of exasperation that voters aren’t giving his party more credit on cost-of-living initiatives — including at an April event at the White House highlighting a drug-pricing deal with Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc.
“It’s the biggest price reduction in drugs in history,” Trump said. “By itself, we should win the midterms, but it doesn’t work that way, unfortunately.”
--With assistance from Gregory Korte.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
America’s Go-To Autism Therapy Is Also the Most Controversial
A Fight Over Dirt in Utah Hints at the Future of America’s Public Lands
How Trump Has Made the Doctor Shortage Worse
How Trump’s $12 Billion Stash of Critical Minerals Risks Distorting Markets
Raising Cane’s Grew From an Idea a College Professor Hated
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio