Title: CellCentric raises $220M for a ‘transformative’ multiple myeloma medicine
Date: 2026-05-06 07:00
URL: https://www.biopharmadive.com/news/cellcentric-series-d-multiple-myeloma-inobrodib/819348/?.tsrc=rss

  

                
                    
                        Let BioPharma Dive’s free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox.
                    
                
            

A Series D round led by Venrock will support an ongoing Phase 2 study, and planned Phase 3 trial, of an oral drug the biotech sees as a differentiated option for patients with persistent disease.
The treatment landscape for multiple myeloma has changed significantly in recent years. Older therapies like Pomalyst, Revlimid and Velcade have been joined by newer approaches that are helping extend disease remissions and survival. Among them are bispecifics and cell therapies, which have steadily worked their way into earlier lines of care.
Despite that progress, there remains a need for new therapies. The disease is often incurable, and most patients eventually relapse. Drugmakers continue to invest in newer approaches, among them next-generation cellular medicines designed to be safer or more convenient than their predecessors.  
CellCentric contends that many patients aren’t served by available treatments and, in a statement, said it aims to offer a new and “transformative” option with inobrodib. The company views inobrodib as a drug for those whose disease has progressed despite multiple treatments, and could be particularly beneficial after someone has received a bispecific.
Will West, CellCentric’s CEO, told BioPharma Dive in an email that inobrodib can serve “a different patient segment” and, as an oral therapy, be administered at home or at the clinics where “the majority of myeloma patients receive treatment.”
“This offers meaningful flexibility for patients,” West said. “Not every patient is eligible for, or can access, more complex cellular or infusion-based therapies.”
CellCentric already produced mid-stage data suggesting its therapy can help improve response rates when combined with older myeloma medications in heavily pretreated patients. But the company also sees inobrodib potentially boosting the effects of bispecifics, too. West noted that, while these drugs are “highly effective,” pairing them with inobrodib might lead to a stronger immune response without additive toxicity.  
“If we can build on that in combination with bispecifics — while maintaining a favorable safety profile — we believe there’s potential to further extend both depth and durability of response beyond what we might expect with monotherapy,” West said.
Venrock was the lead investor in CellCentric’s Series D round. Last year, the Cambridge, U.K. and Boston-based biotechnology firm added $120 million to its coffers in a Series C round co-led by RA Capital Management and Forbion.
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
GSK could pay up to roughly $1 billion in a licensing deal for an experimental oligonucleotide drug SiranBio has been developing for cardiometabolic diseases.
Some two dozen biotech developers of PROTACs, molecular glues and other types of protein-degrading drugs have sprung up over the past two decades.
Subscribe to BioPharma Dive for top news, trends & analysis
Sign up for the free  newsletter. 

                Interested? Explore more of what  has to offer.
            

            Thanks for signing up!
            Please keep an eye out for a confirmation email from
            newsletter@ittnewsletter.com
            To ensure we make it into your inbox regularly,
            add us to your allow list, mark us as a safe sender, or add us to your address book.
            Check out more from
            

Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
GSK could pay up to roughly $1 billion in a licensing deal for an experimental oligonucleotide drug SiranBio has been developing for cardiometabolic diseases.
Some two dozen biotech developers of PROTACs, molecular glues and other types of protein-degrading drugs have sprung up over the past two decades.
The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines