Title: Burger King president says fast food is 'a zero-sum game' — and BK is winning
Date: 2026-05-07 15:19
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/article/burger-king-president-says-fast-food-is-a-zero-sum-game--and-bk-is-winning-151938708.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
Fast food burger competition is heating up, and Burger King has notched the first big W.
Restaurant Brands (QSR) said this week its Burger King US chain delivered a 5.8% same-store sales increase in the first quarter. The result outperformed the quick-service restaurant industry by more than five points, Bernstein analyst Danilo Gargiulo said.
What changes did Burger King make to Whopper?
How did Burger King outperform McDonald's in Q1?
How did social media impact Burger King's performance?
What drove Burger King's same-store sales growth strategy?
He ended up talking to 1,500 people after the number share and getting tens of thousands more messages.
Curtis’s viral moment also shed light on the revamped Whopper, which has long been the company’s answer to McDonald’s Big Mac.
Burger King made several subtle but meaningful changes to its Whopper for the first time in nearly a decade. The updated burger now features a more premium, better-tasting bun and a reformulated, creamier mayonnaise. Toppings like lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and pickles are prepared to taste fresher and stack more neatly.
Another major change is the packaging: Instead of being wrapped in paper, the burger is now served in a box to prevent it from getting squished and to maintain its presentation.
“When we opened up the phone lines for the guests to tell us what they wanted, they said, ‘Hey, your Whopper is great, but it’s smushed sometimes, and maybe the mayonnaise could be creamier,’” Curtis said. “We took that feedback … but [the changes] had to be nuanced. It couldn’t be a big change because the Whopper was already loved.”
Capitalizing on the backlash, Burger King’s Curtis released a TikTok video three days later. It featured him taking an enthusiastic bite of a Whopper and joking that the only thing missing was a “napkin.” He gave out his phone number so people could share what they thought about the brand.
The latest burger contest backstory: A new fast food burger battle erupted on social media in early March, and McDonald's CEO Chris Kempczinski led the way, going viral in a promotional video where he tried the company’s new Big Arch burger. The clip was widely mocked for his seemingly hesitant approach to eating the burger, taking an unusually small, delicate bite and repeatedly referring to the burger as a “product.”
“It’s a zero-sum game. It’s not a growing category,” Burger King US and Canada president Tom Curtis said on Yahoo Finance’s Opening Bid (video above). “But we’ve proven to ourselves that if you do offer a better experience and a better core product, you can absolutely grow.”
It also bested arch nemesis McDonald’s (MCD) — its US business posted a same-store sales increase of 3.9% in the first quarter today.
The bottom line: Perhaps Kempczinski should take a Curtis-like bite of his food next time on camera — clearly it has worked for BK! Expect the US outperformance of Burger King versus McDonald’s to continue in the near term.
Brian Sozzi is Yahoo Finance's Executive Editor and a member of Yahoo Finance's editorial leadership team. Follow Sozzi on X @BrianSozzi, Instagram, and LinkedIn. Tips on stories? Email brian.sozzi@yahoofinance.com.
Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio