Title: TC Energy's Q1 Earnings Surpass Estimates, Revenues Miss
Date: 2026-05-07 16:02
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/sectors/energy/articles/tc-energys-q1-earnings-surpass-160200830.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
TC Energy Corporation TRP reported first-quarter 2026 adjusted earnings of 72 cents per share, which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 70 cents. Moreover, the bottom line increased from 66 cents reported in the year-ago period. This outperformance was driven by robust results from all the reportable segments of the company.
This North American energy infrastructure provider's quarterly revenues of $2.8 billion missed the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 5%. However, the figure increased 11.5% year over year.
TC Energy Corporation price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | TC Energy Corporation Quote
TC Energy’s comparable EBITDA increased to C$3.1 billion from C$2.7 billion in the prior year.
TRP’s board of directors declared a quarterly dividend of 87.75 Canadian cents per common share for the quarter ending June 30, 2026, translating to an annualized dividend rate of C$3.51. The dividend will be payable on July 31, 2026, to its shareholders of record on June 30.
Canadian Natural Gas Pipelines reported a comparable EBITDA of C$919 million, up 3.3% from the year-ago quarter’s level. TRP reported that Canadian Natural Gas Pipelines deliveries averaged 29.7 billion cubic feet per day (Bcf/d), marking a 3% increase from the year-ago quarter’s level and achieving a new all-time delivery record of 33.2 Bcf on Jan. 22, 2026. The company posted that Canadian Mainline Western receipts averaged 5 Bcf/d, in line with the year-ago quarter’s level.
U.S. Natural Gas Pipelines reported a comparable EBITDA of C$1,497 million, indicating a 9.5% increase from the prior-year quarter’s actual. U.S. Natural Gas Pipelines recorded daily average flows of 32.6 Bcf/d, marking a 5% increase from the first quarter of 2025. The segment also reached a new all-time delivery record of 39.9 Bcf on Jan. 29, 2026. Deliveries to LNG facilities averaged 3.9 Bcf/d, up 12% from the prior-year quarter.
Mexico Natural Gas Pipelines reported a comparable EBITDA of C$432 million, up 85.4% from the year-ago quarter’s reported figure of C$233 million. TRP reported that Mexico Natural Gas Pipelines flows in the first quarter averaged 2.8 Bcf/d, which was lower than the year-ago quarter’s level due to adjustments made to the pipeline flows. Additionally, deliveries to power generation facilities averaged 1.2 Bcf/d in the first quarter of 2026, in line with first-quarter 2025.
Power and Energy Solutions registered a comparable EBITDA of C$243 million, up 8.5% from the year-ago quarter’s level of C$224 million. The company reported that Bruce Power achieved 88.2% availability in the first quarter of 2026, impacted by a planned outage on Unit 8. Additionally, the cogeneration power plant fleet achieved 99.5% availability in the first quarter of 2026.
As of March 31, 2026, TC Energy’s capital investments amounted to C$1.3 billion.
The company had cash and cash equivalents worth C$1.1 billion and long-term debt of C$45.4 billion, with a debt-to-capitalization of 60% as of the same date.
This Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) company reaffirmed its 2026 outlook, expecting its strong operational and financial momentum to continue into 2026. The company anticipates its full-year 2026 comparable EBITDA to be between C$11.6 billion and C$11.8 billion, with comparable earnings per share also projected to be higher than 2025 levels.
TRP’s management expects to place approximately C$4 billion of projects into service during the year, which will contribute to this growth. The company also anticipates net capital expenditures for 2026 to be in the range of C$5.5 billion to C$6 billion.
Looking at its operations, the Bruce Power segment is expected to achieve availability in the low 90% range for the year, with Unit 3 returning to service as planned.
Looking further ahead, TRP anticipates fully allocating its C$6 billion annual net capital expenditure target through 2030. Furthermore, given the strength of the project pipeline, the company anticipates it has the visibility to potentially surpass this level of investment in the latter part of the decade. All new projects are expected to achieve build multiples within the targeted 5-7 times range.
You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
While we have discussed TRP’s first-quarter results in detail, let us take a look at three other key reports in this space.
Halliburton Company HAL reported first-quarter 2026 adjusted net income per share of 55 cents, beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 49 cents. The outperformance primarily reflects successful cost reduction initiatives. However, the bottom line fell from the year-ago adjusted profit of 60 cents due to softer activity in the North American region and the negative impact of geopolitical conflict in the Middle East, which hurt both of the company’s segments.
Meanwhile, revenues of $5.4 billion were 0.3% lower year over year but beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $5.3 billion.
Halliburton reported first-quarter capital expenditure of $192 million. As of March 31, 2026, the company had approximately $2 billion in cash/cash equivalents and $7.1 billion in long-term debt, representing a debt-to-capitalization ratio of 39.6.
Range Resources Corporation RRC reported first-quarter 2026 adjusted earnings of $1.52 per share, which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.33. The bottom line also improved from the prior-year level of 96 cents.
Total quarterly revenues of $1,018.3 million topped the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $919.3 million. The top line increased from the prior-year figure of $854 million.
Strong quarterly results can be attributed to higher gas-equivalent production and increased natural gas price realization.
At the end of the first quarter, Range Resources reported a total debt of $819.3 million, net of deferred financing costs.
EQT Corporation EQT reported first-quarter 2026 adjusted earnings from continuing operations of $2.33 per share, which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.23. The bottom line increased from the year-ago quarter’s figure of $1.18.
Adjusted operating revenues increased to $3,136 million from $2,153 million in the prior-year quarter. The top line beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $3,127 million.
Strong quarterly results were driven by the increase in total sales volumes and higher realized natural gas equivalent prices.
As of March 31, 2026, the company had cash and cash equivalents of $326.6 million and net debt of $5.67 billion.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Halliburton Company (HAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Range Resources Corporation (RRC) : Free Stock Analysis Report
EQT Corporation (EQT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
TC Energy Corporation (TRP) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio