Title: Equinor extends NCS contracts worth $1.83bn
Date: 2026-05-05 11:21
URL: https://www.offshore-technology.com/news/equinor-extends-ncs-contracts-worth-1-83bn/?.tsrc=rss

Integrated services contracts have been awarded to Baker Hughes Norge, Halliburton and SLB Norge.
Equinor is activating one-year options on three contracts for integrated drilling and well services, alongside two-year options on 18 associated corporate framework agreements for specialist services.
The agreements are collectively valued at Nkr17bn ($1.83bn).

						Combine business intelligence and editorial excellence to reach engaged professionals across 36 leading media platforms.
					

							Find out more 
These extensions aim to maintain production from the Norwegian Continental Shelf (NSC) and support stable energy supplies to Europe.
The integrated drilling and well services deals have a combined value of Nkr8.3bn.
Annually, the corporate framework agreements for specialist services are estimated to be around Nkr4.3bn over the two-year period.
Contracts for the integrated services have been awarded to Baker Hughes Norge, Halliburton and SLB Norge.
The services encompass several aspects of well construction including integrated drilling services, cementing and pumping, drilling and completion fluids, electrical logging and completion activities.
In light of the maturing NCS, drilling and well operations are increasingly crucial for sustaining production levels.
Equinor’s aim is to sustain production at approximately 1.2 million barrels of oil equivalent per day (mboe/d) until 2035.
Equinor wells senior vice-president Rune Nedregaard said: “New wells are expected to account for around 70% of Equinor’s production in 2035. This involves both more wells and more well interventions, which must be delivered faster and significantly more cost-efficiently than today.
“That requires closer collaboration with the supplier industry and increased use of technology and standardisation.”
The 18 awarded corporate framework agreements for specialist services involve companies such as Archer Oiltools, Baker Hughes Norge, Halliburton, Interwell Norway, NOV Wellbore Technologies, Roxar Flow Measurement, SLB Norge and Weatherford Norge.
The specialist services cover electrical submersible pumps, downhole monitoring and tubing conveyed perforation. They also include wired drill pipes, liner hangers, additional completion equipment and services, sand screens and fibre optics.
Further offerings are coring services, downhole mechanical isolation, expandable hydraulic screens, fishing services, multilateral technology and a one-trip steerable drilling liner system.
These framework agreements aim to provide essential expertise and technology, facilitating efficient well operations and adapting to the evolving requirements of the NCS.
The agreements are expected to involve around 2,500 personnel, covering both fixed installations and mobile rigs on the shelf.
Equinor chief procurement officer Jannicke Nilsson said: “These agreements are among the largest we have, and they are crucial for activity on the Norwegian Continental Shelf.
“New wells enable us to maintain high production and deliver stable energy to Europe. This is particularly important at a time of turbulence in the energy markets.”
In March this year, Reach Subsea secured two new contracts from Equinor, with both projects to be carried out on the NCS using the uncrewed surface vessel Reach Remote 1.


                Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise.
            


                    Find out more
                    








Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.
Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. 












                                                                                                                        Offshore Technology Focus : Offshore Technology Focus (monthly)                                                                                                                        








                                                                                                                                Thematic Take (monthly)                                                                                                                        







Visit our Privacy Policy for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information on your rights in respect of your personal data and how you can unsubscribe from future marketing communications. Our services are intended for corporate subscribers and you warrant that the email address submitted is your corporate email address. 


View all newsletters from across the GlobalData Media network.

		Oil and gas news, data and in-depth articles on offshore projects, exploration and decommissioning and the trends driving technology and innovation

				Powered by
				

© GlobalData Plc 2026
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
