Title: Surveillance Firm Hawkeye 360 Up 31% After $416 Million IPO
Date: 2026-05-07 20:26
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/surveillance-firm-hawkeye-360-jumps-162401196.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
(Bloomberg) -- Hawkeye 360 Inc. soared 31% after the provider of satellite-based signals intelligence for US government agencies raised $416 million in a US initial public offering priced at the top of a marketed range.
Most Read from Bloomberg
Billionaire Duke of Westminster to Sell £700 Million of US Real Estate Assets
US Has Opened a Passage Through Hormuz, Central Command Says
DOJ Plans Intervention in Trump Supreme Court Carroll Appeal
Sony to Pay Almost $4 Billion for Bieber, Neil Young Catalog
China Asks Banks to Pause New Loans to US-Sanctioned Refiner
Shares of the Herndon, Virginia-based company closed at $34 each on Thursday in New York, versus its IPO price of $26 apiece. The offering of 16 million shares was marketed in a range of $24 to $26 each.
The trading gives the company a market value of $3.2 billion, based on the outstanding shares listed in its filings.
Founded in 2015, Hawkeye 360 makes, owns and operates a constellation of more than 30 satellites that listen for radio signals from emitters such as radars, jammers and satellite phones and uses its own signal-processing algorithms to process classified data for the US government.
Proceeds of the IPO are expected to be used to repay debt and help fund a deferred payment related to its December acquisition of Innovative Signal Analysis, a Dallas-based provider of signal-processing technology.
The offering coincides with a burst of IPO activity in the defense technology sector as global conflicts drive up military spending. Shares of military drone manufacturer Aevex Corp. climbed 35% in its first day following its $368 million IPO in April.
“Given all the geopolitical volatility in the world, we consider ourselves an exemplar of defense technology done right in that we are profitable,” John Serafini, chief executive officer of Hawkeye 360, said in an interview.
Hawkeye 360’s revenue jumped to $117.7 million in 2025, up from $67.6 million a year earlier, while net income rose to $48,000 from a net loss of $31.2 million, according to its regulatory filings.
The exposure to rising defense budgets in Europe and elsewhere, not just the US, strengthens the diversification of the business and its revenues, Chief Financial Officer Craig Searle said.
The company was valued at nearly $2 billion in a recent $173 million Series E funding round led by NightDragon, according to data provider PitchBook. NightDragon is one of the shareholders with stakes of more than 5% expected to see a drop after the offering.
Hawkeye 360’s backlog rose more than sixfold last year to nearly $303 million, up from $44 million the prior year.
The offering was led by Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Morgan Stanley. The company’s shares trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol HAWK.
(Updates shares, and market value in second and third paragraphs for market close. Updates sixth paragraph.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
Raising Cane’s Grew From an Idea a College Professor Hated
The Messy, Humiliating Courtroom Drama Between Elon Musk and OpenAI
America’s Go-To Autism Therapy Is Also the Most Controversial
How Trump Has Made the Doctor Shortage Worse
A Fight Over Dirt in Utah Hints at the Future of America’s Public Lands
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio