Title: Japan Can Conduct 30 More Yen Interventions, Goldman Sachs Says
Date: 2026-05-04 04:03
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/currencies/articles/japan-conduct-30-more-yen-040323267.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady
Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight
Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo'
A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate
Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
(Bloomberg) -- Japan has the firepower to intervene 30 times in currency markets at last week’s scale, according to analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc., though officials are expected to conserve its reserves and step in at more effective moments.
Most Read from Bloomberg
Beijing Tells China Firms to Ignore US Sanctions on Refiners
Supertanker Appears to Have Crossed the Strait of Hormuz
Former NYC Mayor Giuliani in Critical Condition, Trump Says
World’s Largest Container Carrier Plans Route Avoiding Hormuz
Philippines Says Thousands Evacuated as Mayon Volcano Erupts
Authorities likely spent about ¥5 trillion ($31.3 billion) last Thursday to prop up the yen after it weakened past 160 against the dollar, Yuriko Tanaka, an economist at the Wall Street bank, wrote in a report late Friday. The intervention during relatively moderate volatility suggests policymakers view that level as the “line of defense,” she added.
“Given the finite source of funds for FX intervention, we expect the MOF will aim to maximize the impact of each intervention, and cautiously select the most effective timing, such as when the yen is rapidly weakening,” she added.
The intervention followed repeated warnings by officials and was the first since July 2024, when the yen had also crossed the 160 mark, and led to a surge in the currency. High energy costs and expectations that the spread between US-Japan policy rates won’t narrow anytime soon have led to pressure on the currency.
What Bloomberg Strategists Say...
Japanese authorities targeted the London-European session last week, but as the UK is on a public holiday on Monday, the attention will shift toward New York.
— Mark Cranfield, MLIV. For full analysis, click here
Going forward, the likelihood and scale of further moves to prop up the yen will depend on the pace of currency depreciation, market volatility and outright levels, Tanaka said. Japan holds about $1.2 trillion in foreign reserves as of the end of March, including $161.7 billion in foreign-currency deposits that can be used for intervention, with the remaining is held in foreign securities.
--With assistance from John Cheng.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
America’s Go-To Autism Therapy Is Also the Most Controversial
It’s Boating Season, But Only If You Can Afford Fuel
Running America’s Second-Busiest Airport in Turbulent Times
Ready or Not, the AI Phones Are Coming
The NBA Draft Is Bad for Business
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio