Title: Earnings Beats in Europe Mask Tougher Times Ahead for Stocks
Date: 2026-05-07 07:15
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/earnings-beats-europe-mask-tougher-071534305.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
(Bloomberg) -- A strong earnings season is hiding tougher times ahead for European stocks as the effects of the Iran war make it harder for companies to meet lofty profit expectations in the quarters to come.
Most Read from Bloomberg
US Has Opened a Passage Through Hormuz, Central Command Says
DOJ Plans Intervention in Trump Supreme Court Carroll Appeal
US Says Offensive Phase of Iran War Over as Ship Hit in Strait
Sony to Pay Almost $4 Billion for Bieber, Neil Young Catalog
China Asks Banks to Pause New Loans to US-Sanctioned Refiner
Surprisingly good corporate results have helped European stocks stage a rapid recovery from their conflict lows, supported by a conviction among investors that Middle East de-escalation is on the way.
First-quarter earnings growth is running at 5.6% year-on-year for the MSCI Europe Index, exceeding market expectations of 2.6%, according to a Bloomberg Intelligence tracker. The bar is about to be raised.
“Our concerns lie more for the second, third and fourth quarters of the year,” said Roland Kaloyan, head of European equity strategy at Societe Generale SA in Paris. “Expectations are much higher, while there is a risk that the negative impact of the war, on supply chains, energy or raw material costs will likely be felt further down the road.”
Projections for profit increases in Europe are high and keep getting upgraded. The consensus is for a jump of 11% in 2026, and 10.2% in 2027. That also implies that the bulk of the growth this year needs to happen in the next three quarters, a view that looks optimistic should the economy take a hit from elevated oil prices.
The rebound in European equities in recent weeks has also been extremely narrow, with a handful of stocks responsible for most of the advance and the earnings revisions. The energy sector has led the way, with a few other star performers in semiconductors, infrastructure and among artificial intelligence beneficiaries such as ASML Holding NV, Nokia Oyj and ABB Ltd.
“Overall, it’s a good quarter with a nice earnings momentum year-to-date,” Kaloyan said. “But if you take out energy stocks, miners and semiconductors, earnings revisions are rather negative.”
European earnings estimates are on the rise, but much of that is down to massive boosts in the energy sector. Profit expectations for this group have been upgraded by over 50% since the start of the war, according to Goldman Sachs Group Inc. strategists, echoing the aftermath of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine four years ago.
“Similar to what happened in 2022, EPS estimates are rising in aggregate driven by commodity sectors,” said Goldman strategists led by Peter Oppenheimer and Sharon Bell. “These sectors make up a large weighting in aggregate earnings and are seeing sharp hikes in estimates.”
Yet, while rising earnings for energy companies is a boon at the index level given their outsized impact, the picture is less positive elsewhere. Consumer areas in particular — such as travel, autos and luxury — are struggling. The Goldman strategists raised their Stoxx Europe 600 earnings-per-share growth forecast for 2026 to 10%, from 5%, and trimmed their 2027 projection to 5%, from 7%, as they expect energy earnings to tail off next year.
The season has seen flagship misses from consumer discretionary stocks. LVMH SE and Kering SA both warned of weaker demand partly due to the war in the Middle East, while Hermes International SCA also reported a rare dip in sales. By contrast, some industrials geared to infrastructure like ABB saw a surge in orders, while big beats came from energy producers like Shell Plc.
Analysts may step up their earnings forecast changes now that the way forward for conflict appears to point increasingly toward de-escalation. And it’s the pace of revisions that’s likely to matter in the near term.
A Citigroup Inc. earnings revision gauge for Europe excluding the UK has started moving toward the upgrade zone over the past few weeks. It has jumped to its highest level since February last year, after being mostly negative over the past 15 months.
“While absolute earnings levels matter for long-term returns, changes in earnings expectations are often the key driver of shorter-term performance in European equities,” said UBS Group AG strategists led by Gerry Fowler. “Earnings revisions act as a powerful source of new information that investors react to and often, revisions have serial correlation.”
A key feature of European profit growth is that it’s nowhere near the pace achieved in the US. S&P 500 Index companies are tracking increases of almost 27% year-on-year, compared with the 12% tipped pre-season. Megacap tech stocks have been driving growth and the AI hype is showing no sign of a slowdown.
Additionally, the breadth of surprises in Europe has been narrower, with less than 50% of companies beating estimates, while over 34% missed. That compares with over 83% beating consensus in the US.
Strategists at Barclays Plc have kept their preference for US stocks over Europe, citing resilient earnings momentum at America Inc. Valuations have cheapened, with tech looking the most attractive in close on a decade. In Europe, they note more signs of caution on the outlook from companies and a greater risk of downgrades.
The strategists see potential positives for the outlook on both sides of the Atlantic.
“We think falling poll ratings and rising gasoline price/mortgage rates ahead of mid-terms means President Trump will likely remain inclined to end the conflict soon, while EU could also find some offset from a decent domestic recovery in the second half as German fiscal stimulus kicks in,” the team led by Emmanuel Cau said.
--With assistance from Julien Ponthus.
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
America’s Go-To Autism Therapy Is Also the Most Controversial
A Fight Over Dirt in Utah Hints at the Future of America’s Public Lands
How Trump Has Made the Doctor Shortage Worse
How Trump’s $12 Billion Stash of Critical Minerals Risks Distorting Markets
The Risky Pivot Inside Australia’s Pension System
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio