Title: Wall Street Dares to Ask If China’s Property Turnaround Is Close
Date: 2026-05-07 09:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/economy/articles/wall-street-dares-ask-china-093000261.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
(Bloomberg) -- Just months into China’s housing downturn, the nation’s second-biggest developer declared the worst is over. A year later, its chairman backtracked on the call, and by 2025, it was teetering on the brink of a default.
Most Read from Bloomberg
US Has Opened a Passage Through Hormuz, Central Command Says
DOJ Plans Intervention in Trump Supreme Court Carroll Appeal
Sony to Pay Almost $4 Billion for Bieber, Neil Young Catalog
China Asks Banks to Pause New Loans to US-Sanctioned Refiner
US Says Offensive Phase of Iran War Over as Ship Hit in Strait
China Vanke Co.’s miscalculation was just one of what would be many premature calls for an end to a crisis that has wiped out trillions of dollars in household wealth since late 2021. Just last November, UBS Group AG scrapped its prediction that a turnaround was imminent.
Now, though, a small chorus of analysts, including those at Citigroup Inc. and Bank of America Corp., are proclaiming once again that the battered industry is finally stabilizing. The latest data offers some support: In March, nearly a fifth of the cities covered by official data saw higher used-home prices — the biggest proportion since 2023 — while the amount of completed but unsold housing fell for the first time in almost five years.
“It certainly looks like the shape is bottoming,” said Leonid Mironov, a portfolio manager at Gavekal Capital Ltd.
As China faces risks abroad from protectionism and geopolitical turmoil, a steadier real estate industry is crucial to restoring household confidence and encouraging spending with policymakers seeking to shift growth toward consumption and away from exports. In a market that’s had false starts before, more evidence is now emerging of stabilization and even recovery.
“It will not only play a crucial role for real estate companies, but also reflect an improvement in consumers’ willingness and ability to spend, which would be beneficial for the overall economy,” said Shen Meng, a director at Beijing-based investment bank Chanson & Co.
Home-price declines have slowed to their weakest pace in a year, while secondary transactions in Beijing and Shanghai have jumped to multi-month highs, even as smaller cities continue to struggle. The slump in existing home prices has narrowed every month this year, the longest such stretch since 2024.
A few builders have made a comeback in the debt market. Wang Jianlin’s Dalian Wanda Commercial Management, and Seazen Group, one of the few major private developers to avoid a public default so far, both sold dollar bonds this year.
Eurizon SLJ Capital, an asset manager led by Stephen Jen, said 2026 will likely be the year when the market bottoms as demand starts to recover. Citi’s analysts upgraded the property sector to positive from neutral, saying the market is “positioned for recovery.” They cited stronger data and improving sentiment, and see “a slow recovery in key cities as an optimal scenario for property names amid policy support.”
BofA Global Research also sees indications a recovery is taking hold. It favors developers with concentrated exposure to top cities and minimal legacy inventory, such as China Resources Land Ltd., China Overseas Land & Investment Ltd. and C&D International Investment Group.
The largest US bank, JPMorgan Chase & Co., said “the real test is in July and August” after the recent momentum in the industry. “If data continues to be solid until then, we could turn even more positive on the sector,” Karl Chan, an analyst at JPMorgan, wrote in a note.
But the story of China’s property distress is littered with premature optimism. Back in 2024, Goldman Sachs Group Inc. said an “inflection point” has arrived, and the more aggressive policy measures rolled out by Beijing showed “this time is different.”
It wasn’t. Government support hasn’t been enough to reverse the downturn, as officials could afford to act with less urgency with booming exports sustaining the economy. A record share of Chinese households at the end of last year expected housing prices to decrease in the quarter ahead, according to a survey by the central bank.
That lesson isn’t lost on the likes of Morgan Stanley, which believes the recent uptick may be flattered by base effects, one-off policy support and pent-up demand from last year.
“We remain skeptical about sustainability, and think the recovery spreading into more lower tier cities is still elusive at this stage,” analyst Stephen Cheung wrote in a note dated April 26.
Even as China’s benchmark CSI 300 Index has advanced nearly 6% this year, a Bloomberg gauge of Chinese developers is flat after gaining every day this week. If the property sector bottoms out, it could unlock a broader, more balanced equity revival beyond the narrow confines of tech, which had been driving most of gains.
Recent signs of improvement have materialized mainly in the used-home segment, particularly in major cities like Beijing and Shanghai, according to China Index Holdings, a real estate information provider. It remains unclear if such bright spots will remain isolated or even last long without stronger policy support.
In a sign of scarring in the economy after a downturn lasting for almost five years, the contribution of property-related industries has already fallen near to 18% of gross domestic product in 2025, according to Bloomberg Economics, down from a peak of about 25% during 2015-2018.
The large overhang of unsold homes will also take time to clear, and property investment remains in deep contraction. Over the longer term, structural challenges — including a soft job market, weak income expectations and a shrinking population — are likely to keep a lid on housing demand.
A longer timeline for recovery is likely, according to Michelle Kwok, HSBC Holdings Plc’s regional head of real estate research, with any improvements starting in top-tier cities before gradually spreading. She expects 2026 to be a “critical year of inflection.”
What Bloomberg Economics Says...
“The decline in property investment required to bring supply into line with underlying residential housing demand is about 70% complete, according to our estimates. It could take another one or two years to close the remaining 30% gap.”
— Eric Zhu and Chang Shu. To read the analysis, click here.
For many investors who’ve spent years bracing for worse, the mood is as upbeat as it’s been in a long time.
Mizuho Securities senior China economist Serena Zhou said housing sales and investment are unlikely to keep shrinking at double-digit rates, and could even end up close to flat from the second half of the year.
With expectations already low and much of the downturn priced in, the focus is less on how bad things can get and more on whether even early signs of stabilization can begin to shore up sentiment.
“If this is another false dawn, the overall negative impact will be limited as the sector has shrunk substantially over the years and become a well-known factor for investors,” said Homin Lee, a strategist at Lombard Odier Singapore. “If we are seeing genuine green shoots, then it could at least change the market narrative for China’s domestic economy.”
--With assistance from Charlotte Yang, Winnie Hsu, James Mayger, Jeanny Yu and Pearl Liu.
(Updates market performance in 16th paragraph.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
America’s Go-To Autism Therapy Is Also the Most Controversial
A Fight Over Dirt in Utah Hints at the Future of America’s Public Lands
How Trump Has Made the Doctor Shortage Worse
How Trump’s $12 Billion Stash of Critical Minerals Risks Distorting Markets
The Risky Pivot Inside Australia’s Pension System
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio