Title: Eli Lilly Sells $9 Billion of Bonds to Fund Acquisitions
Date: 2026-05-06 20:25
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/eli-lilly-sells-9-billion-202545088.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
(Bloomberg) -- Eli Lilly & Co. sold $9 billion of investment-grade bonds Wednesday — the company’s biggest-ever issuance — as it looks to finance an acquisition spree.
Most Read from Bloomberg
US Has Opened a Passage Through Hormuz, Central Command Says
DOJ Plans Intervention in Trump Supreme Court Carroll Appeal
US Says Offensive Phase of Iran War Over as Ship Hit in Strait
Anthropic Unveils AI Agents to Field Financial Services Tasks
Stocks Hit All-Time Highs on Hopes War Is Near End: Markets Wrap
The drugmaker’s offering consisted of eight tranches with maturities ranging from two to 40 years, said a person familiar with the matter who asked not to be identified disclosing private details. The longest tenor, a bond maturing in 2066, will yield 0.8 percentage point above Treasuries, versus initial price talk of about 1.13 percentage points.
Eli Lilly was seeking to raise about $8 billion, Bloomberg News reported earlier Wednesday. “We are encouraged about the interest from investors,” a spokesperson said by email, citing last week’s credit rating upgrade by S&P Global Ratings and Wednesday’s “favorable market backdrop.”
The company was one of three issuers in the US investment-grade market, as borrowers tapped renewed optimism around a possible US-Iran deal to end the war. Spreads on Tuesday were at their tightest levels since February.
Lilly has embarked on a spree of large acquisitions, forging deals in the past two months worth as much as $7.8 billion for sleep-drug producer Centessa Pharmaceuticals Plc and about $7 billion for cancer-drug developer Kelonia Therapeutics — two of its most expensive transactions. Chief Executive Officer Dave Ricks has said investors should expect more to come.
The firm last week released first-quarter results that beat even the highest of analyst estimates compiled by Bloomberg. Lilly also boosted 2026 guidance amid soaring demand for weight-loss medications.
Proceeds from Wednesday’s bond offering will be used for general corporate purposes as well as some or all of the upfront cash consideration and related fees and expenses for the Centessa and Kelonia deals, the person said. Some of the notes will have to be repurchased by Lilly at 101 cents on the dollar if the Centessa acquisition fails to close.
Citigroup Inc., Deutsche Bank AG, Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Morgan Stanley ran the debt offering. Representatives for the banks either declined or did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
(Updates with deal pricing.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
America’s Go-To Autism Therapy Is Also the Most Controversial
A Fight Over Dirt in Utah Hints at the Future of America’s Public Lands
The Risky Pivot Inside Australia’s Pension System
How Trump Has Made the Doctor Shortage Worse
How Trump’s $12 Billion Stash of Critical Minerals Risks Distorting Markets
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio