Title: Goldman Sachs adds members to management committee
Date: 2026-05-06 11:41
URL: https://www.privatebankerinternational.com/news/goldman-sachs-management-committee/?.tsrc=rss

Stephan Feldgoise and Joshua Schiffrin will join the management committee, while Ericka Leslie has been named chief administrative officer.  
Goldman Sachs has made changes to its senior leadership, naming two partners to its management committee and appointing a new chief administrative officer. 
Stephan Feldgoise, the bank’s head of global mergers & acquisitions, and Joshua Schiffrin, who is set to take on the role of global head of risk for global banking & markets, will join the management committee. 

                                The gold standard of business intelligence.
                            

                                    Find out more
                                    





            Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise.
        


                Find out more
                








Ericka Leslie has been named chief administrative officer.  
She will remain a member of the management committee while taking on responsibility for advancing the rollout of OneGS 3.0, part of the firm’s effort to reshape its operating system and free up additional capacity for investment in growth. 
Goldman Sachs chairman and CEO David Solomon said: “Stephan and Josh each demonstrate a deep understanding of the firm’s businesses, our client franchise, and global markets. 
“We look forward to benefiting from their leadership and significant expertise in their respective areas within Global Banking & Markets, as well as their thoughtful perspectives and insights as they join the Management Committee.” 
The committee has increased in size over the past 18 months after more than 20 appointments drawn from the group’s investment banking, trading, asset management and wealth management units, reported the Financial Times.  
With the latest changes, the management committee will have 47 members. 
Separately, Goldman Sachs posted net earnings of $5.6bn in the first quarter of 2026, an increase of 19% compared with the same period a year earlier. 
Total net revenues climbed 14% from a year earlier to $17.23bn. 
Asset & Wealth Management generated net revenues of $4.08bn, which was 10% higher than in the first quarter of 2025, but 14% lower than in the previous quarter. 

                The gold standard of business intelligence.
            


                    Find out more
                    





            Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise.
        


                Find out more
                








Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.
Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. 





                                                                                                                                Private Banker In Brief                                                                                                                         








                                                                                                                        Private Banker International : Private Banker International Focus (monthly)                                                                                                                        








                                                                                                                                Thematic Take (monthly)                                                                                                                        






                                                    I consent to Verdict Media Limited collecting my details provided via this form in accordance with  Privacy Policy


View all newsletters from across the GlobalData Media network.



				Powered by
				

© GlobalData Plc 2026
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
