Title: Yen Spikes to 10-Week High and Sparks Intervention Chatter
Date: 2026-05-06 20:07
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/currencies/articles/yen-spikes-10-week-high-090728234.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
(Bloomberg) -- Sharp moves in the Japanese yen that sent the currency to a 10-week high renewed speculation that the country is intervening in the market.
Most Read from Bloomberg
US Has Opened a Passage Through Hormuz, Central Command Says
DOJ Plans Intervention in Trump Supreme Court Carroll Appeal
US Says Offensive Phase of Iran War Over as Ship Hit in Strait
Anthropic Unveils AI Agents to Field Financial Services Tasks
Stocks Hit All-Time Highs on Hopes War Is Near End: Markets Wrap
The yen surged about 1.8% in the span of a half hour during the afternoon of the Asia session and topped 155.04 per dollar. The currency later pared some of the advance, and was wrapping the session late afternoon in New York at around 156.40.
Japan’s markets were shut for a holiday on Wednesday, but analysts said the currency’s jump wasn’t due to thin liquidity. The Ministry of Finance, or MOF, did not immediately respond to a request for comment outside regular working hours.
“The quick-fire move may partly reflect intervention as Japanese officials likely leaned into broad dollar weakness,” said Elias Haddad, global head of markets strategy at Brown Brothers Harriman.
Talk about Japan’s market action has dominated trader discussions in recent days, with many seeing the 160 level as a trigger point for currency officials. In late April, the government intervened for the first time since 2024, causing the yen to surge as much as 3% in intraday trading.
While Japanese officials have declined to comment directly on whether authorities stepped in, people familiar with the matter have said it took place on April 30 and analysis of Bank of Japan accounts indicates that it likely spent around $34.5 billion.
In the US, the government is fully aware of Japan’s actions in the currency market, according to someone familiar with the matter.
Japan has the firepower to intervene 30 times in currency markets at last week’s scale, though officials are expected to conserve their reserves and step in at more effective moments, analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. said.
The dollar-yen pair “had been trading much closer to cyclical fundamentals recently than it had been in the lead-up to the last rounds of intervention in 2024, and an extension of these fundamental trends should continue to apply downward pressure on the yen in the weeks ahead,” a Goldman team including Stuart Jenkins and Teresa Alves wrote Wednesday.
Japanese authorities spent a total of around $100 billion in buying the yen several times in 2024 after the currency tumbled to around 160.17. Additional steps were taken on days when the yen reached 157.99, 161.76 and 159.45.
Options pricing suggests traders expect further bouts of action. One-week risk reversals, which depict the difference in demand between bullish and bearish bets, show yen sentiment is near the most bullish since January, hovering near levels that have previously been associated with currency intervention risk since 2022.
What Bloomberg Strategists Say...
“Yen intervention may not stop the currency from weakening, but it has achieved one thing. Traders are much less concerned about yen tail risk because they’re confident that authorities will keep intervening to prevent a rapid depreciation. That’s made hedging out beyond the immediate short-term much cheaper.”
-Sebastian Boyd, macro strategist, Markets Live. For the full post, click here.
There has been speculative trading in currency markets for a while, Japanese Finance Minister Satsuki Katayama said on Monday. Last week, the nation’s top currency official, Atsushi Mimura, told speculators he was delivering a “final advisory if you want to escape” and echoed comments from Katayama that “the timing for taking bold steps is nearing.”
“The language used by the MOF last week in warning speculators about intervention risks was hard-hitting,” said Jane Foley, a strategist at Rabobank. “The fact that the dollar was on the back foot due to hopes regarding the Iran war may have provided the incentive for the MOF to step in again.”
A Finance Ministry official had said that based on International Monetary Fund guidelines, Japan can conduct only two more sessions of three-day interventions by November if it wants to maintain its status of having a freely floating exchange rate.
Reports of the IMF guideline “emboldened investors to push USD/JPY back higher,” said David Forrester, a senior strategist at Credit Agricole CIB in Singapore. “This has given the MOF and the Bank of Japan another opportunity to intervene to defend around 157 in USD/JPY, which continues to look like the new line in the sand.”
--With assistance from Vassilis Karamanis and Saleha Mohsin.
(Updates with latest market prices, adds US reaction.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
America’s Go-To Autism Therapy Is Also the Most Controversial
A Fight Over Dirt in Utah Hints at the Future of America’s Public Lands
The Risky Pivot Inside Australia’s Pension System
How Trump’s $12 Billion Stash of Critical Minerals Risks Distorting Markets
How Trump Has Made the Doctor Shortage Worse
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio