Title: J&J’s soft tissue surgical robot succeeds in pivotal gastric bypass study
Date: 2026-05-05 16:56
URL: https://www.medicaldevice-network.com/news/jj-ottava-surgical-robot-gastric-bypass-surgery-study/?.tsrc=rss

The medtech giant hopes to bolster its position in the growing surgical robotics market, which is currently dominated by Intuitive Surgical. 
Johnson & Johnson (J&J) is eyeing a De Novo classification from US regulators for its Ottava Robotic Surgical System, after the device met its key goals in a prospective gastroenterology study.
During the single-arm, open-label FORTE trial (NCT06709261), 30 patients across six US sites were given Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (RYGB) with the Ottava system, with outcomes monitored for 30 days after the procedure. RYGB is performed to reduce the capacity of a patient’s stomach, which is designed to restrict food intake and promote weight loss for those with obesity.

                        The gold standard of business intelligence.
                    

                            Find out more
                            





						Combine business intelligence and editorial excellence to reach engaged professionals across 36 leading media platforms.
					

							Find out more 
After the observation period, patients lost an average of 30 pounds (13.6kg) post-surgery, with Ottava meeting all of its primary safety and performance-based endpoints. Though J&J is yet to release more details on this study, the New Jersey-based pharma did note that this result, plus preclinical data, has been used in its De Novo application to the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
If J&J secures De Novo classification for the Ottava system, it could be used to cover multiple gastrointestinal procedures – including gastric bypass and sleeve-based surgeries, as well as small bowel resection, hiatal hernia repair and general upper abdominal surgeries.
J&J designed the Ottava system to perform soft tissue surgeries across a range of speciality areas, incorporating four robotic arms built into a standard size surgical table.
According to Peter Schulam, J&J’s CSO for medtech, the FORTE trial results demonstrate that Ottava can be integrated into existing hospital infrastructure, which could “remove practical barriers to broader adoption” of robotics in healthcare settings that may have previously been too small for these types of solutions.
J&J presented results from the FORTE study as an abstract at the 2026 American Society for Metabolic and Bariatric Surgery (ASMBS) Annual Meeting. The meeting is currently ongoing in San Antonio, Texas.
The positive results for the FORTE study come as robotic surgeries become increasingly incorporated into hospitals worldwide.
Currently, Intuitive Surgical is the top earner in this field, holding 60.1% of the market share via its da Vinci surgical robot system, which has experienced widespread uptake due to a “strong installed base, surgeon training programmes and continuous innovation,” GlobalData analyst Graysen Vigneux previously told Medical Device Network.
However, other companies are looking to absorb a portion of Intuitive’s market share, with J&J securing 510(k) clearance from the FDA for its robotic-assisted bronchoscopy device, MONARCH QUEST, back in March 2025.
J&J’s subsidiary DePuy Synthes, which recently spun out amid the former’s portfolio slimming strategy, also markets the VELYS Active Robotic-Assisted System for use in spinal surgeries. This technology debuted in the US in August 2024.
While medtech companies continue to explore the promise of surgical robots, a report from GlobalData predicts that remote-enabled surgical robotics is entering a pivotal growth phase. This comes as next-generation platforms use teleoperation, advanced imaging and high-speed connectivity – potentially expanding their clinical reach.


                The gold standard of business intelligence.
            


                    Find out more
                    





                Experience unmatched clarity with a single platform that combines unique data, AI, and human expertise.
            


                    Find out more
                    








Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights.
Give your business an edge with our leading industry insights. 












                                                                                                                        Medical Technology : Medical Device Network Focus (monthly)                                                                                                                        








                                                                                                                                Thematic Take (monthly)                                                                                                                        







Visit our Privacy Policy for more information about our services, how we may use, process and share your personal data, including information on your rights in respect of your personal data and how you can unsubscribe from future marketing communications. Our services are intended for corporate subscribers and you warrant that the email address submitted is your corporate email address. 


View all newsletters from across the GlobalData Media network.

		The leading site for news and procurement in the medical device industry

				Powered by
				

© GlobalData Plc 2026
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
