Title: Should You Buy, Sell or Hold Caterpillar Stock Post Q1 Earnings_
Date: 2026-05-05 17:06
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/buy-sell-hold-caterpillar-stock-170600666.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
Caterpillar Inc. CAT delivered a strong first-quarter 2026 performance, with both revenues and earnings rising year over year. The company witnessed volume growth across all segments, despite tariff headwinds.
Both the top and bottom-line figures topped the respective Zacks Consensus Estimate, sending CAT shares up 8% following the results.
Over the past year, CAT stock has gained 172.5%, outperforming the industry’s 154.4% growth. In comparison, the Zacks Industrial Products sector has gained 34.9% and the S&P 500 has risen 33.8%. It has also outpaced peers Komatsu KMTUY and Terex Corporation TEX, which returned 39.2% and 49.3%, respectively.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Before addressing how investors should position themselves in CAT stock, let’s take a closer look at the company’s quarterly performance and underlying fundamentals.
Caterpillar reported revenues of roughly $17.4 billion in Q1 2026, up 22% year over year, driven primarily by a $2.3 billion increase in sales volume across segments. Pricing added $426 million, with currency tailwinds and Financial Products revenues also contributing. Higher dealer inventory build and increased end-user equipment demand supported volume growth across all three major segments. CAT ended the quarter with a record backlog of $62.7 billion.
Cost of sales climbed 26% year over year due to higher manufacturing expenses, including the impact of tariffs. Adjusted operating margin narrowed to 18% from 18.3% in the first quarter of 2025.
Despite the impact of tariffs, adjusted earnings per share increased 30.4% year over year to $5.54. This marked an acceleration from the 0.4% rise reported in the fourth quarter of 2025.
Operating cash flow was around $1.9 billion in the first quarter of 2026 compared with $1.3 billion in the prior-year quarter. CAT ended the quarter with cash and equivalents of around $4.1 billion compared with the cash holding of around $9.98 billion at 2025-end.
For 2026, Caterpillar expects low double-digit sales and revenue growth compared with 2025. Earlier, the company had projected year-over-year revenue growth near the upper end of its long-term 5-7% CAGR target.
Adjusted operating margin is expected near the bottom of the targeted range, factoring in continued tariff pressures. The company, however, indicate margins would be higher than previous expectations.
Caterpillar maintains its adjusted operating margins of 15–19% at revenue levels of around $60 billion. If revenues reach $72 billion, operating margins are expected to be 18–22%, while revenues of $100 billion could support margins in the range of 21–25%. This is shown in the chart below.
Image Source: Caterpillar Inc.
Full-year Machinery, Power & Energy (MP&E) free cash flow is expected to be higher year over year.
Earnings estimates for CAT have moved up for both 2026 and 2027 over the past 60 days.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for 2026 points to year-over-year earnings growth of 21.09%, while the 2027 estimate implies growth of 22.28%, reflecting improving confidence in the company’s earnings trajectory.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Komatsu reported earnings per share of 75 cents in the fourth quarter of 2025 (ended March 31, 2026), down 18% year over year. Komatsu’s revenues came in at around $7.76 billion, marking a 3% rise on a year-over-year basis. Komatsu’s Construction, Mining & Utility Equipment sales increased 6.5% in the quarter, while Industrial Machinery & Others sales decreased 1.2%.
Terex reported adjusted earnings per share of 98 cents in the first quarter of 2026, 18% higher than the prior-year quarter. Net sales were reported at $1.73 billion, reflecting a 41% jump year over year. Results include the contribution from the REV Group, which is now operating as the Specialty Vehicles (SV) segment.  Proforma sales up 11%. Backlog increased sequentially to $7.1 billion and book-to-bill was at 109%.
CAT is currently trading at a forward 12-month P/E of 35.22X, at a premium compared with the industry’s 17.98X. Its Value Score of D suggests a stretched valuation at this moment.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
Meanwhile, Komatsu and Terex are cheaper options, trading at a forward 12-month P/E of 17.98X and 11.49X, respectively.
Caterpillar has raised its long-term revenue CAGR target to 6–9% through 2030. The company had earlier stated a range of 5-7% at its Investor Day. Operational goals include increasing Construction Industries’ sales to users to 1.25x by 2030, compared with 2024, tripling autonomous trucks in Resource Industries from 2024 levels and growing Power Generation sales from 1.3x to more than 3.0x (updated from the prior expectation of 2.0X).
CAT recently announced another agreement to provide PROPWR up to 2.1 gigawatts of large gas generator sets for prime power generation in support of data center, oil and gas and industrial applications. The company will deliver generator sets over the next five years, with additional scope for long-term services growth opportunities in the future. This represents the sixth agreement with at least one gigawatt of Caterpillar equipment for prime power applications.
Connected assets are expected to rise from more than 1.6 million to 2 million, while e-commerce sales per business day are projected to jump from 4% to more than 50% by 2030. Services revenues are targeted to rise from $24 billion in 2025 to $30 billion by 2030.
Caterpillar’s growth is expected to be driven by U.S. infrastructure spending, mining demand linked to energy transition, automation adoption and rising data center and sustainability-related investments.
Existing investors can continue holding CAT stock, supported by strong long-term demand drivers, improving earnings visibility and expanding high-margin services. Upward estimate revisions reinforce the positive outlook.
However, CAT’s premium valuation suggests that new investors may want to wait for a more attractive entry point. The company currently has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold), which supports our thesis. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Terex Corporation (TEX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Komatsu Ltd. (KMTUY) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio