Title: 5 things we learned during S&P 500 earnings madness
Date: 2026-05-03 12:30
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/article/5-things-we-learned-during-sp-500-earnings-madness-123000342.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady
Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight
Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo'
A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate
Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
And just like that, I’m off to the land of $6 gas prices.
That would be California. I promise to take pictures of Chevron gas signs and post them on my X account, @BrianSozzi, for you Northeastern folks getting off easy with $4 gas.
It’s time for an annual tradition: the Milken conference.
This one is a favorite because you never know who you will run into. One moment, you see Gwyneth Paltrow talking to an assistant at the entrance of the Beverly Hilton. The next minute, you catch a brief glimpse of Tesla CEO Elon Musk on stage (last year) with host Mike Milken.
As for me, I’ll be live on Yahoo Finance on Monday and Tuesday with some awesome interviews. I say this each year, but this is truly the best lineup of power players descending to Yahoo Finance’s setup inside the hotel lobby.
I will add that Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang is slated to attend. He didn’t make much news at the conference last year, but waxed poetic about artificial intelligence’s impact on jobs. His comments got a few media write-ups. But what he says this time could be more interesting, given hyperscalers’ recent increases in capital expenditures and semiconductor stocks' recent run.
Heading into Milken, my head is chock full of lessons from a very busy week of earnings from S&P 500 heavyweights.
Lesson one: The market is wary of AI capex spending plans across all companies because the technology has yet to deliver strong returns on profit margins. It’s unclear when the payback will happen, but it may not be 2027 either.
Lesson two: As long as billions are being plowed into US AI infrastructure, it’s going to be very hard to make a strong bear case for stocks — even as Iran conflict concerns swirl and drive up oil prices. I think what billionaire investor Bill Ackman told me this week about why he’s bullish on the market makes a lot of sense.
Lesson three: Investors are yearning for more AI-driven layoffs from corporate America. Expect more headline-grabbing layoffs to be announced before year-end.
Lesson four: It’s going to take $5-a-gallon gas nationwide to start to take down the US consumer. The resilience of consumers continues to surprise me. They are out there buying new Hot Wheels toys from Mattel (MAT) (or so said Mattel’s earnings release), spending money on matcha teas from Starbucks (SBUX) (as Starbucks CEO Brian Niccol told me this week), and devouring new cilantro-lime sauce from Chipotle (CMG) (which is a paid add-on).
Lesson five: Nobody cares about the midterm elections right now — it’s a nothingburger in terms of markets. So if a company calls this out as a reason for a numbers miss, roll your eyes.

A special note: I have come up on episode 300 of the Opening Bid Unfiltered podcast, all done in under two years. Crazy!
I have sat down with everyone from billionaire investor Ray Dalio in Davos to Phoebe Gates (Bill and Melinda’s daughter) at our NYC headquarters to DJ Diplo in Cannes. Now, we are looking to toss more gas on my podcast with a visual overhaul, from the show’s look to its name. Allow me to introduce Power Players With Brian Sozzi!
Tune in Monday at 8 a.m. ET on Yahoo Finance, YouTube, Spotify, Apple Music, or Amazon for the first episode of Power Players. I am not going to share who the episode is with, but I will give this clue: They just reported earnings, and you have probably eaten there in the past year.
Thank you to our team, who has worked tirelessly to bring this next chapter to life.
Brian Sozzi is Yahoo Finance's Executive Editor and a member of Yahoo Finance's editorial leadership team. Follow Sozzi on X @BrianSozzi, Instagram, and LinkedIn. Tips on stories? Email brian.sozzi@yahoofinance.com.
Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio