Title: Allegiant Q1 Earnings & Revenues Surpass Estimates, Improve Y_Y
Date: 2026-05-05 19:05
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/allegiant-q1-earnings-revenues-surpass-190500134.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
Allegiant Travel Company (ALGT) reported impressive first-quarter 2026 results, wherein both earnings and revenues beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate.
Quarterly earnings of $3.77 per share outpaced the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $3.40 and increased year over year. Revenues for the first quarter of 2026 were $732.4 million, surpassing the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $711.9 million and rising 4.8% year over year. Passenger revenues, which accounted for the bulk (91.7%) of the top line, grew 8.9% on a year-over-year basis.
Allegiant Travel Company price-consensus-eps-surprise-chart | Allegiant Travel Company Quote
Air traffic (measured in revenue passenger miles) for scheduled services fell 1.4% year over year in the quarter under review. Capacity (measured in available seat miles or ASMs) fell 5.9% from the year-ago number. The load factor (percentage of seats filled by passengers) increased to 84.4% from 80.5% in the reported quarter.
Airline operating costs per available seat miles, excluding fuel, rose 7.1% year over year to 8.64 cents. The average fuel cost per gallon (scheduled) increased 15.2% year over year to $3.03. Total scheduled service passenger revenues per available seat mile rose to 14.31 cents from 12.29 cents a year ago.
Gregory Anderson, chief executive officer of Allegiant, stated, "First-quarter demand was exceptional, particularly during peak periods, driving more than a 16 percent year-over-year increase in TRASM, with total yields up over 20 percent year-over-year. That performance allowed us to set an all-time quarterly record despite a 5.9 percent year-over-year reduction in capacity. We are pleased to see our commercial initiatives taking hold and contributing to our results, including an 8.9 percent increase in co-brand remuneration compared to the prior year.”
Anderson further added, “As we move into the second quarter, leisure demand remains healthy despite geopolitical dynamics that have impacted the broader economy. We have proactively reduced capacity during off-peak times and shortened average stage lengths as we navigate the higher fuel environment. We now expect second-quarter capacity to be down 6.5 percent year-over-year. With regulatory approvals now behind us, and pending shareholder approvals, we expect to close on the acquisition of Sun Country by as early as mid-May.”
As of March 31, 2026, Allegiant’s total unrestricted cash and investments were $933.5 million compared with $838.5 million at the prior-quarter end. Long-term debt and finance lease obligations (net of current maturities and related costs) totaled $1.67 billion compared with $1.68 billion at the end of the prior quarter.
For the second quarter of 2026, ASM (for scheduled service) is expected to decrease 6.5% on a year-over-year basis. Total system ASM is projected to fall 6.5% on a year-over-year basis.
The bottom line, on an adjusted basis, is expected to range from a loss of a penny to breakeven. Second-quarter adjusted operating margin is expected to lie between 0% and 2%. The fuel cost per gallon is suggested to be $4.35. Interest expense is expected to be around $35 million.
Currently, Allegiant carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Delta Air Lines (DAL) reported first-quarter 2026 earnings (excluding $1.08 from non-recurring items) of 64 cents per share, which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 61 cents. Earnings increased 39.1% on a year-over-year basis due to high labor costs. Adjusted revenues in the March-end quarter were $14.2 billion, beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $14 billion and increasing on a year-over-year basis.
United Airlines Holdings, Inc. (UAL) reported solid first-quarter 2026 results wherein the company’s earnings and revenues beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate as well as improved on a year-over-year basis.
UAL's first-quarter 2026 adjusted earnings per share (EPS) (excluding 95 cents from non-recurring items) of $1.19 surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.08 and increased 30.8% on a year-over-year basis. The reported figure lies within the guided range of $1.00-$1.50.
Operating revenues of $14.6 billion outpaced the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $14.3 billion and increased 10.5% year over year. Passenger revenues (which accounted for 90.1% of the top line) increased 11% year over year to $13.1 billion. UAL flights transported 42,486 passengers in the first quarter, up 4.1% year over year.
Cargo revenues fell 1.6% year over year to $422 million. Revenues from other sources rose 10.5% year over year to $1.02 billion.
J.B. Hunt Transport Services JBHT posted first-quarter 2026 earnings per share of $1.49, up 27% from $1.17 a year ago. The result topped the Zacks Consensus Estimate by $0.04, a 2.8% surprise.
Operating revenues totaled $3.06 billion, rising 4.6% year over year. Revenues beat the consensus mark of $2.94 billion, resulting in a 3.9% surprise, as demand proved resilient across several service offerings, led by Intermodal volume growth and higher revenue per load in select highway-related businesses.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
United Airlines Holdings Inc (UAL) : Free Stock Analysis Report
J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. (JBHT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Allegiant Travel Company (ALGT) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio