Title: Summer airfares set to surge as jet fuel shortage grips market
Date: 2026-05-07 17:01
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/article/summer-airfares-set-to-surge-as-jet-fuel-shortage-grips-market-170144758.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
Air travel is going to be more expensive this summer.
Jet fuel costs have soared more than 100% since the start of the Iran war, and a global shortage has prompted airlines to cut thousands of flights. The US Travel Association said airline fares rose 14.9% in March compared to the same month last year.
Why are jet fuel costs soaring this summer?
How are airlines responding to higher fuel expenses?
Which airlines face the biggest financial challenges?
What impact will fuel costs have on airfare?
The near-standstill at the Strait of Hormuz has removed more than 13 million barrels of crude oil from the market, according to JPMorgan, creating a shortage for refineries that process it into derivative products such as gasoline or diesel fuel.
“When refinery output tightens globally, aviation fuel is often the first to feel it,” noted GasBuddy’s Patrick De Haan on Wednesday.
The analyst noted that jet fuel is the smallest of the “big three” refined products, behind gasoline and diesel, meaning that diesel and gasoline are typically prioritized due to their importance for key sectors such as freight and agriculture.
Read more: Your flight is about to get more expensive. These tips could save you.
This price reflects trading activity during the overnight session on the Blue Ocean ATS, available 8 PM to 4 AM ET, Sunday through Thursday, when regular markets are closed.
The Strait of Hormuz blockage has paralyzed an estimated 20% of global seaborne jet fuel and its kerosene base. This creates a dual crisis for aviation: It chokes the crude oil needed by refineries while simultaneously halting the delivery of finished fuel to international airports.
GasBuddy’s De Haan pointed to estimates of disruptions tied to the Strait, which could cut jet fuel and kerosene supplies by roughly 620,000 barrels per day in the second quarter of 2026. The decline reflects both interruptions to shipments moving through the waterway and lower refinery output in Asia, where many facilities rely heavily on Middle Eastern crude.
For airlines, the price increases in jet fuel mean far higher costs, much of which must be passed on to the consumer.
Jet fuel is typically one of the largest operating expenses for carriers, and the recent rally in crude has driven up the cost. Higher fuel bills can quickly squeeze profitability, particularly for airlines that have limited hedging in place or operate in highly competitive markets where ticket prices are harder to raise.
Front-month jet fuel swap prices in the US Gulf Coast — a key benchmark used by airlines to gauge fuel prices — have come off their mid-March highs but are still roughly 50% higher than their pre-war prices, trading above $330 per gallon from roughly $234 a month ago, according to Bloomberg data.
Delta Air Lines (DAL) disclosed in April an expected $2 billion cost in the second quarter from the surging jet fuel prices. American Airlines (AAL) expects $4 billion in additional expenses for the full year.
Read more: March CPI breakdown: Iran war sends gas prices skyrocketing, airfare climbing
“We are meaningfully reducing capacity in the current quarter with a downward bias until we see the fuel situation improve,” Delta CEO Ed Bastian said on an earnings call with analysts and investors in April. “With much of the industry still struggling to earn its cost of capital, there's a high sense of urgency to address higher fuel and reduce unprofitable flying.”
He added, “High fuel prices have been the most powerful catalyst for change, separating the winners and forcing weaker players to rationalize, consolidate, or be eliminated.”
The airlines are left with little margin for error, just as the summer travel season is picking up.
Last month, the head of the International Energy Agency, Fatih Birol, warned that Europe had about six weeks of jet fuel supply left. Lufthansa recently cut 20,000 flights through October in an effort to save on jet fuel costs.
In the US, major airlines, including United Airlines (UAL), Delta, and American, have all scaled back schedules on select routes. Delta’s Bastian noted at a recent conference hosted by JPMorgan that airlines are already raising fuel surcharges and base fare prices for customers, noting that it's "something that we've got to cover to maintain our margins."
Low-cost carrier Spirit Airlines recently collapsed after facing significant financial pressures and restructuring challenges. Rising fuel costs added further strain in the period leading up to its failure.
Ines Ferre is a Senior Business Reporter for Yahoo Finance covering the US stock market, publicly traded companies, and commodities. She has reported live from the floor of the New York Stock Exchange and Nasdaq.
Jake Conley is a breaking news reporter covering US equities for Yahoo Finance. Follow him on X at @byjakeconley or email him at jake.conley@yahooinc.com.
Click here for the latest economic news and indicators to help inform your investing decisions
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio