Title: 3 Sales Growth Stocks to Buy Now as Markets Scale New Highs
Date: 2026-05-07 12:19
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/3-sales-growth-stocks-buy-121900765.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
U.S. equities have advanced strongly recently, with the S&P 500 trading near record highs. Gains have been driven by mega-cap technology, AI and semiconductor stocks, stronger-than-expected first-quarter earnings, improving revisions and resilient economic data. Investor sentiment has also benefited from expectations of eventual policy normalization and easing bearish positioning. However, risks like tariff uncertainty, Middle East tensions, oil-price volatility, sticky inflation, a potentially higher-for-longer monetary policy stance and stretched valuations persist. Amid such an operating environment, the traditional way of choosing stocks is a good idea. Sales growth provides a more reliable view for evaluating stocks compared with earnings-focused metrics. Hence, stocks like Chord Energy Corporation CHRD, Bank of America Corporation BAC and Churchill Downs Incorporated CHDN are worth investing in.Sales growth is one of the clearest indicators of whether a business is truly expanding. While earnings can be influenced by accounting adjustments, tax effects, cost timing, or temporary margin swings, revenues reflect the basic question of whether customers are buying more of a company’s products or services. Steady top-line growth can point to healthy demand, market-share gains, stronger pricing power, successful product launches, or expansion into new geographies and customer segments.Revenue growth can also lay the foundation for stronger profitability. As sales increase, companies may be able to spread fixed costs across a larger base, improving operating leverage and margins over time. However, sales growth should not be evaluated in isolation. It is most useful when compared with industry trends, peer performance, pricing conditions, and the broader economic environment.The quality and durability of sales growth matter. Recurring revenues, repeat purchases, volume growth, and sustainable demand are generally more valuable than sales boosted by different means. Companies that can deliver steady, high-quality sales growth across market cycles are often better positioned to generate reliable cash flows, reinvest in the business, strengthen their competitive position, and support long-term shareholder value.
To shortlist stocks with impressive sales growth and a high cash balance, we have selected 5-Year Historical Sales Growth (%) greater than X-Industry and Cash Flow of more than $500 million as our main screening parameters.But sales growth and cash strength are not the absolute criteria for selecting stocks. Hence, we have added other factors to arrive at a winning strategy.P/S Ratio less than X-Industry: This metric determines the value placed on each dollar of a company’s revenues. The lower the ratio, the better it is for picking a stock since the investor is paying less for each unit of sales.% Change F1 Sales Estimate Revisions (four weeks) greater than X-Industry: Estimate revisions, better than the industry, are often seen to trigger an increase in stock price.Operating Margin (average last five years) greater than 5%: The operating margin measures how much every dollar of a company's sales translates into profits. A high ratio indicates that the company has good cost control and sales are increasing faster than costs — an optimal situation.Return on Equity (ROE) greater than 5%: This metric will ensure that sales growth is translated into profits and the company is not hoarding cash. A high ROE means that the company is spending wisely and is, in all likelihood, profitable.Zacks Rank less than or equal to 2: Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) or 2 (Buy) stocks are known to outperform, irrespective of the market environment. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.
Houston, TX-based Chord Energy is a leading E&P entity in the Williston Basin. CHRD’s asset portfolio boasts approximately 1.3 million net acres, with a production capacity of 277,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day.CHRD’s expected sales growth rate for 2026 is 2.2%. Chord Energy sports a Zacks Rank #1 at present. Headquartered in Charlotte, NC, Bank of America is one of the largest financial holding companies in the United States. BAC provides a diverse range of banking and non-banking financial services and products through 3,540 financial centers and 14,902 automated teller machines (ATMs) across the country.Bank of America’s expected sales growth rate for 2026 is 9.4%. BAC currently carries a Zacks Rank #2.Louisville, KY-based Churchill Downs is a diversified gaming, entertainment and wagering company. CHDN owns and operates live and historical racing venues, online wagering platforms and regional casino gaming properties across the United States. CHDN’s sales are expected to rise 3.1% in 2026. Churchill Downs carries a Zacks Rank #2 at present.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Bank of America Corporation (BAC) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Churchill Downs, Incorporated (CHDN) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Chord Energy Corporation (CHRD) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio