Title: Hybrid Bond Sales At Record as Companies Pounce on Low Costs
Date: 2026-05-07 16:06
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/options/articles/hybrid-bond-sales-reach-record-111105425.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
(Bloomberg) -- Companies are selling hybrid bonds at a record pace, seeking to pad their balance sheets while the extra cost of the risky debt hovers near an all-time low.
Most Read from Bloomberg
Billionaire Duke of Westminster to Sell £700 Million of US Real Estate Assets
US Has Opened a Passage Through Hormuz, Central Command Says
DOJ Plans Intervention in Trump Supreme Court Carroll Appeal
China Asks Banks to Pause New Loans to US-Sanctioned Refiner
Sony to Pay Almost $4 Billion for Bieber, Neil Young Catalog
More than $65 billion hybrid bonds in major currencies have been sold year-to-date, the most ever at this point in the year, based on data compiled by Bloomberg. The total has been boosted by debuts from the likes of beer giant Carlsberg Breweries A/S and packaged food company General Mills Inc., as well as repeat issuers including Verizon Communications Inc.
For companies, selling hybrids is a way to improve credit metrics, because they’re treated partly as equity by rating firms, reducing their balance-sheet impact. And many are seizing the chance to improve their debt profiles now, while spreads over senior bonds are near the tightest ever, and as tougher economic conditions — and potential rate hikes — loom.
“Sub-senior spreads are still hovering near multi years tights, and including tax deduction of the coupon, it is way cheaper than a mix of senior debt and equity,” said Marc Lacraz, portfolio manager at Edmond de Rothschild Asset Management.
The asset class is also benefiting from a crowd of yield-focused investors ready to buy the bonds — and willing to accept the small amount of extra spread they are getting for risks including subordination clauses, skippable coupons and uncertain repayment dates.
“Now is really a good time, from a demand perspective, to put your house in order and then have a bit of a relief on the rating metrics side of things,” said Hans Niethammer, head of investment-grade financing solutions at UniCredit SpA.
The extra spread of a hybrid over a senior bond hit a record low of 58 basis points in March and remains close to that milestone, according to ICE BofA global indexes. While that makes it cheaper for companies to issue hybrids, the investors piling into the securities may be exposed to losses if spreads widen.
“There is just massive demand for higher carry products and issuers take advantage of it,” said Steffen Ullmann, senior portfolio manager for multi asset credit at HAGIM GmbH.
Defensive and Opportunistic
There are two kinds of companies currently selling hybrid bonds, according to Ullmann: those that have to defend their credit rating and those that are more opportunistic, using the low spreads to raise capital while keeping equity investors undiluted, “and it seems everyone is happy at the moment.”
For Carlsberg, selling a hybrid bond and offering to buy back senior debt was a way for the brewer to improve its overall debt stack after its acquisition of soft drinks supplier Britvic. Verizon’s recent hybrid sale, meanwhile, marked an opportunistic second foray into Europe’s subordinated debt market after the US telecom operator sold one of the largest-ever euro hybrids in November.
This year’s hybrid deluge continues a boom that was sparked by a 2024 change in the way Moody’s Ratings treated non-financial hybrid bonds. That rule change, which effectively boosted the equity recognition of hybrids, first spurred supply of the bonds in the US, before spreading to other markets, from Canada to Australia.
So far this year, euro issuance has accounted for more than half of supply in G-10 currencies, based on data compiled by Bloomberg. Meanwhile, a gauge of the size of the corporate hybrid bond market in euros, which had remained rangebound since 2021, is rising this year and is on track to hit the €100 billion ($117 billion) mark for the first time ever.
To be sure, the high-risk nature of the bonds means investors are more vulnerable to the risks currently looming over financial markets. European debt markets are particularly exposed, given the region’s greater vulnerability to the energy shock caused by the war in the Middle East.
“The Carlsberg hybrid is just about worth doing but a lot of risk needs to be thought about during a potential consumer-led downturn,” said Luke Hickmore, an investment director for fixed income at Aberdeen Investments, as the brewer’s deal hit the market on Wednesday. He cautioned about a widening of the gap between subordinated and senior bond spreads in the event of a selloff driven by the economy or corporate fundamentals.
Edmond de Rothschild’s Lacraz agrees.
“I think the main risk is that there is not much discrimination right now between cyclical and non cyclical, strong companies or weak and challenged IG rating, a protective structure or deals that have equity content for longer, that is an incentive to be more selective,” he said.
Still, demand for the bonds is unabated for now, with orders for new hybrids in Europe so far in 2026 exceeding the amount issued by an average of 4.5 times, based on data compiled by Bloomberg.
HAGIM’s Ullmann prefers hybrids with a short time left to the first call, as those with several years to go can be more volatile.
“Most of them are very tight from our perspective, but then there are selective opportunities if you have a positive view on certain names,” he said.
(Updates with comments in the fourth and 16th paragraphs.)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
Raising Cane’s Grew From an Idea a College Professor Hated
The Messy, Humiliating Courtroom Drama Between Elon Musk and OpenAI
America’s Go-To Autism Therapy Is Also the Most Controversial
How Trump Has Made the Doctor Shortage Worse
A Fight Over Dirt in Utah Hints at the Future of America’s Public Lands
©2026 Bloomberg L.P.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio