Title: Trump meets with Brazil's Lula to talk trade, extends EU tariff deadline
Date: 2026-05-07 21:04
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/trump-meets-with-brazils-lula-to-talk-trade-extends-eu-tariff-deadline-210415936.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
President Trump met with Brazilian President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva on Thursday, while the administration extended its trade deadline with the European Union (EU) to July 4.
Yahoo Finance Washington Correspondent Ben Werschkul speaks more about what this meeting could mean for US-Brazil relations and the latest news about Trump's 25% tariffs against EU cars.
Well, President Trump met with Brazil's President Lula, but scrapped plans for a joint press conference this morning. The two countries currently have a fragile truce after Trump briefly had that 50% tariff on the country's exports in place last year. Joining me now with the latest, Scott Yahoo Finance Washington Correspondent, Ben Werschkul. So, Ben, President Lula spoke on his own. What do we hear from him?
Yeah, so what we heard with even with this this press conference being canceled as you mentioned was sort of more signals of thawing between these two countries that have had a real up and down relationship. You mentioned the 50% tariff. Um, Lula spoke, um, he described himself according to translation as being very happy coming out of the meeting. Um, President Trump likewise offered a summary that called Lula dynamic, uh, and that and that the the meeting went well in his words. But what we didn't get here is really kind of any specificity or advancement on policy issues. Tariffs front and center there. Um, both both Trump and the Brazilian president talked about how there's going to be more meetings at a lower level going ahead on these tariff issues. Current tariffs are currently at about 10% on Brazil, but there's a big deadline coming this summer when investigations are are up and the US could could begin to raise rates there. Another big issue um, between the two countries is rare earth minerals. Again, kind of being pushed off until until further down the road here. But overall here, I do think there is a sign that these two figures who are really, you know, on opposite sides of the spectrum and sort of had wouldn't didn't talk to each other for months early in Trump's second administration, are at least are at least are at least talking more and in kind of friendly terms. So so the signaling is good for certain.
Yeah, I want to ask you bottom line but you you you're watching this. What does this just mean for US Brazil relations going forward?
Yeah, I think it I think it heralds a kind of coming period that we're in of stability. This is the third interaction that President Trump and President Lula have had in the last few months that that has been positive by all accounts. They crossed paths at the UN General Assembly. They crossed paths at a summit, um, in Malaysia a few months back, all of which they kind of came out saying positive things. And Trump did lower some of his tariffs. He this 50% tariff, he brought it down in part on his own, and then the Supreme Court ruled the tariffs illegal, so that brought it down to the 10% level, but he was kind of de-escalating before then. So we we are seeing kind of a continuation of there. And I think it's important to note a kind of desire to avoid conflict. This press conference would have been pretty inconvenient for both sides because all the questions would have been about Iran. The Brazilian president has been very outspoken on that issue, the war in Iran, uh been negative towards it. Both sides, I think it was convenient for them to avoid avoid that being the headline out of this and instead kind of talk about their continued talks and continued meetings down the road.
Another top trade topic, but of course, the tariffs on European automobiles and Trump uh pushing that deadline to uh July 4th. what are the chances a deal gets made by then, Ben? What do you think?
Um, I think there's there the the question here is, I think the way the Europeans would have calculated is whether this deal gets implemented. They they're their contention is that the deal is made. Trump may be trying to sort of push different aspects of it or not. But what we do know is that there's not going to there's unlikely to be any sort of tariff raising in the short term. Trump talked about this increase of auto tariffs. He didn't directly mention them mention auto tariffs in the post, but he appears to be pushing off um, tariffs overall. The White House isn't providing more clarity on that front now. But it it does going to kind of set off a lot of back and forth here as what they're calling the Turnberry Accord kind of gets codified in both sides. The Europeans met this week and were weren't able to advance it. So now everything's are pushing towards this new July deadline that President Trump has announced. Um, Ursula von der Leyen, the European Commission President, her her summary of the call with President Trump today talked about tariff lowering by the July. So she's sort of hopeful there that that this is going to be a kind of a longer process of lowering of tariffs, not what Trump threatened last week of raising them.
And finally, Ben, uh you saw the Semaphore reporting that Trump uh now inviting CEOs, Nvidia, Apple, Exxon, Boeing, other big names on his on his China trip next week. What what did you make of that headline?
Yeah, I mean, it's it's this is pretty normal for Trump. We've seen this on a bunch of his his trips now. The Middle East about it was almost exactly a year ago when Trump had different CEOs in every stop. But there's a few names that sort of jump out there. Nvidia is the one that jumps out to me kind of first and foremost there. That came just a couple days after um, Jensen Huang was talking about how his market share in China is zero, was which is how he's talked about it as their efforts to sell more chips there have hit stacked. So clearly he's got a lot of business to conduct there too. Boeing's another company that is kind of right in the middle of talks now. There's there's a lot of Chinese demand for more Boeing jets. So they're hoping that that part of whatever gets announced during this summit next week will include Boeing and will include the sort of the aviation industry. The the larger context here though is that there's kind of less the sense is there's less deals to be had overall. Those I I outlined the two, but they're kind of more of an exception than than a broad range of deals that we're expecting next week. So, a lot of this is going to be about relationship setting with with President Trump and President Xi Jinping of China, as sort of the the larger trade context here heading into this meeting at least is less about some sort of new big trade deal announced but being kind of maintaining the status quo on trade. Trump's talking about announcing a board of trade to manage the relationship, but not major changes in tariffs at least right now. But he'll have a lot of folks along the ride to um, to work out the relationships as they as they go forward for certain.
All right, Ben. Thank you, buddy. Appreciate it.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio