Title: 'Nobody's doing AI better than Palantir'_ Earnings takeaways
Date: 2026-05-04 21:20
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/nobodys-doing-ai-better-than-palantir-earnings-takeaways-212021317.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady
Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight
Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo'
A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate
Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
Palantir (PLTR) beat first quarter estimates, posting adjusted earnings of $0.33 per share (vs. expectations of $0.28) and revenue of $1.63 billion (vs. expectations of $1.54 billion).
Futurum chief market strategist Shay Boloor joins Yahoo Finance to discuss the results.
I think nobody um is positioned better than AI than Palantir and I think that they just exceeded expectations once again.
For a stock like Palantir, you mentioned it's going up and down. It's kind of finding um where it wants to hang out a bit right now. It's just because simply beating estimates won't be enough.
I mean, the market already knows that Palantir is growing really fast. It knows that AIP has momentum. It already knows that this is one of the few software companies that actually should be traded like an AI platform.
So now the question is, did they beat enough to prove that this acceleration still has legs? And I still believe that growing at a 70% clip on the top line with um high highest operating margin among the whole software group, it does. I think it's the demand is still accelerating, we're nowhere near the top.
How should investors, Shy, in your opinion, think about valuation? That's always a topic with Palantir.
So I'm just curious, listen, where do you come down on that debate, Shy?
I think three months ago, consensus for 2026 estimates were around 52% growth.
Now it's at 70%. So I think that Palantir continue needs continue to show the ability that estimates are still too low. They still need to be beating uh by a healthy amount every single quarter and I do believe that as time goes on, that is going to be enough to justify the multiple.
Due to the scarcity um of which so like how many software players that actually don't just survive but thrive in the AI economy, there's going to be a massive premium assigned to that those handful of companies.
It feels like Nvidia post 2023 where people kept having that conversation about uh when's the top? This the rate of change has been so exponential, eventually has to give out. I just nobody's doing AI better than um Palantir right now.
How has the competitive landscape been shifting, Shy for Palantir? How would you grade that? Who, if anybody is is biting at their heels that you see?
It's got to be Anthropic. I think Anthropic has sucked all the vacuum a bit in the new uh AI winners.
I think that their ability to tackle AI first from the coding lens has obviously bared fruit into where they become a trillion dollar company in the private sector.
And I think that a lot of uh folks like they're at a $44 billion ARR and I think that a lot of people have been experimenting with Anthropic now because they read them in the headlines, they see the model quality and they see all the hype around it that they think that it's going to become this like end all be all location for everything AI.
That is total misinformation in my opinion. I think we're about to be entering in a world where consumers, enterprises don't want to be solely relying on one company for a bunch of different AI tools.
So I think that the appetite for enterprises and customers to not want to fully rely on one company is perfectly uh shown with Nvidia in the first stage of AI. and I think it's going to be the same thing in the application stage of AI where even if Anthropic continues their momentum, they're going to want to go towards an agnostic approach and that's essentially what Palantir does.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio