Title: AbbVie's Latest Results Reveal a Trend Investors Shouldn't Overlook
Date: 2026-05-04 20:50
URL: https://www.fool.com/investing/2026/05/04/abbvies-latest-results-reveal-a-trend-investors-sh/?.tsrc=rss

But is the stock a buy on the dip?
AbbVie (ABBV +0.68%) has not performed well this year, but the company's recent first-quarter update, released on April 29, helped breathe new life into the stock, which jumped by more than 3% post-earnings. Could this be the start of a sustained rally? It's hard to say. However, AbbVie's financial results once again highlighted one of the company's strengths that investors should pay attention to. Let's look into it and consider what it means for AbbVie's prospects. 
Image source: The Motley Fool.
AbbVie's revenue for the first quarter came in at $15 billion, 12.4% higher than the year-ago period. The company had projected sales of $14.7 billion for the period, so this is a nice surprise. The pharmaceutical leader singled out several areas that drove the revenue beat, including its immunology business. That's the trend investors shouldn't miss. AbbVie has been a leader in immunology for a while, dating back to the days when Humira -- once the world's best-selling drug -- was its biggest growth driver. 
Now, it is Skyrizi and Rinvoq, two immunosuppressants that continue to outpace AbbVie's (and the market's) expectations. Management said during the company's earnings conference call that both Skyrizi and Rinvoq posted sales that were higher than what it anticipated, but it's worth taking a stroll further down memory lane. For some time, AbbVie projected that Skyrizi and Rinvoq would exceed $27 billion in combined sales by 2027. 
Then, it raised that guidance by $4 billion to $31 billion. AbbVie made yet another change at the beginning of this year. The company announced that it now expects Skyrizi and Rinvoq to generate over $31 billion in revenue this year, rather than in 2027.
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
Here's more good news. Skyrizi and Rinvoq still have label expansions on the horizon that could further boost their sales. Rinvoq is awaiting approval as a treatment for alopecia areata, while a subcutaneous formulation of Skyrizi could earn a new indication as an induction treatment for Crohn's disease. Right now, Skyrizi patients have to start therapy with intravenous infusions, which limits its market potential compared to some competitors in this area. 
There is even more good news beyond potential new indications for Skyrizi and Rinvoq: neither will lose patent exclusivity until well into the 2030s.  Here's the bottom line: AbbVie's most important growth drivers are performing extremely well and should continue doing so for a while. AbbVie increased its earnings per share guidance for the fiscal year 2026 partly for that reason.
One little-known company, called an "Indispensable Monopoly" owns the technology Nvidia, AMD, and Intel cannot function without. And it is still just a fraction of Nvidia’s size.
We just released a brand-new report with the full story and the company’s name. 
That alone doesn't make the stock a buy. But when we consider other factors, including the rest of AbbVie's lineup that features several more growth drivers, the company's deep pipeline, and its robust dividend program (the company is a Dividend King, or a corporation with more than 50 consecutive annual payout increases), AbbVie looks like an attractive stock to buy and hold onto, especially as it is still down 10% year to date. 

 


Before you buy stock in AbbVie, consider this:
The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and AbbVie wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.
Consider when Netflix made this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $496,473!* Or when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $1,216,605!*
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 968% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 202% for the S&P 500. Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
See the 10 stocks ›
*Stock Advisor returns as of May 4, 2026. 

Prosper Junior Bakiny has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends AbbVie. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
This tech could reach $80 trillion. Imagine a technology worth over 55 Metas.
What in the world could be worth 55 Metas? The answer is a radical tech breakthrough that our experts think is transforming every walk of life. And this giant leap forward has many on Wall Street very excited.
Continue ›

*Average returns of all recommendations since inception. Cost basis and return based on previous market day close.
This Card Just Received a Rare 5-Star Rating
Our team of credit card pros don’t just recommend this card—they actually use it. Motley Fool Money calls it a top pick for a reason.
Invest better with The Motley Fool. Get stock recommendations, portfolio guidance, and more from The Motley Fool's premium services.
Making the world smarter, happier, and richer.
© 1995 - 2026 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.
Market data powered by Xignite and Polygon.io.
About The Motley Fool
Our Services
Around the Globe
Free Tools
Affiliates & Friends