Title: Cancer Treatments Propel Pfizer Sales Growth as Covid Revenue Dwindles
Date: 2026-05-06 04:01
URL: https://www.thedailyupside.com/industries/healthcare/cancer-treatments-propel-pfizer-sales-growth-as-covid-revenue-dwindles/?.tsrc=rss

Operational revenue from Pfizer’s Covid vaccine Comirnaty and Paxlovid pill to treat the illness declined 59% and 63%, respectively. 
Mallika Mitra
Guest Contributor to The Daily Upside
It doesn’t seem that long ago that we were jostling for Covid-19 vaccines, lining up to get Pfizer’s name (or Moderna’s) scrawled onto cards we kept in our wallets to get into a bar. Times have changed, for both us and the drugmaker.
Post-pandemic, plummeting demand for Pfizer’s vaccine pushed the pharmaceutical giant to make a big pivot: It’s becoming a cancer treatment powerhouse. The company’s first-quarter earnings topped analysts’ expectations, thanks in part to a 39% surge in operational revenue from Padcev, a treatment for bladder and urinary tract cancer. Pfizer reported quarterly sales of $14.5 billion and adjusted earnings per share of 75 cents, topping Wall Street’s estimates of $13.8 billion and 73 cents per share, respectively. 
Operational revenue from Pfizer’s Covid vaccine, Comirnaty, and the Paxlovid pill to treat the illness declined by 59% and 63%, respectively. Still, the company offered up first-quarter operational revenue growth excluding Covid-related products of 7%.  
Oncology is the company’s “most advanced and concentrated area of research and commercial focus” due to its acquisition of biotech company Seagen in 2023, CEO Albert Bourla said on a post-earnings call. 
When it comes to cancer treatment, it’s “all about efficacy,” says Brian Mulberry, chief market strategist at Zacks Investment Management. “The new line in the pipeline achieves far better results with significantly fewer side effects. Better trials and targeted gene-sequencing are helping to dial in therapeutics and drugs that just work better, and that increases the market and margin over time.” 
In the company’s statement, Bourla said that in addition to oncology, he’s encouraged by what the company is seeing in its obesity treatments business, where he says Pfizer is positioned to lead: 
Stock Story: The stock, which ticked up slightly Tuesday (less than 1%), is still down 33% over the past five years. Investors want more. “The company affirmed current full-year guidance, but this is a mild result that is not likely to satisfy skeptics in the market,” Mulberry says. 
The pill era has ushered in a Wild-West-style land-grab for GLP-1 market share but the horizon seems to keep expanding. 
The results were driven by a 65% jump in volume amid a booming demand for weight-loss drugs like Lilly’s Mounjaro and Zepbound. 
The company now expects 2026 adjusted earnings of more than $18.25 per share, a jump from the $17.75 per share it previously forecasted.  
Kelonia is developing a next-gen blood cancer treatment that’ll reprogram T-cells to help patients’ immune systems fight cancer.  
Soleno Therapeutics’s Vykat XR is the first drug to be approved for treating the insatiable hunger caused by Prader-Willi Syndrome. 
The e-bike industry has spent the last year in a Chapter 11 shredder, but a new “War Economy” at the pump is changing the math. 
The key patent protections on Keytruda, Merck’s immunotherapy treatment that outsold all other prescription drugs last year, ends in 2028. 
The grid is already being tested by the massive demand for data centers to support the artificial intelligence boom. 
Approximately one in eight Americans are taking medications like Ozempic or Wegovy for weight loss, diabetes, heart disease and more. 
The two struck a deal Monday for Hims to offer official versions of Novo Nordisk’s GLP-1 drugs Ozempic and Wegovy. 
Just 20% of firms with 200 or more workers said they covered GLP-1 drugs for weight loss, according to the Peterson-KFF Health System Tracker. 
Science Corp., a brain-implant startup developing a device that can enable blind people to see again, just raised $230 million from investors. 
© 2026 The Daily Upside