Title: NVAX Q1 Earnings Beat, Stock Jumps 16% on Matrix-M Deal Momentum
Date: 2026-05-07 15:14
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/nvax-q1-earnings-beat-stock-151400178.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
Novavax NVAX incurred a loss of 6 cents per share in the first quarter of 2026, narrower than the Zacks Consensus Estimate of a loss of 25 cents. In the year-ago quarter, the company had recorded EPS of $2.93, driven by higher sales.
Quarterly revenues totaled $139.5 million, down 79% year over year. This metric beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $69.5 million.
Novavax’s shares were up about 16% yesterday, likely due to the better-than-expected results. The quarter reflected a business mix that is increasingly tied to partners, with management highlighting that partners now have rights to evaluate its proprietary Matrix-M technology in more than 30 fields spanning infectious diseases and oncology.
Shares of Novavax have increased 39% so far this year compared with the industry’s nil growth.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
A key theme this quarter was the shifting composition of revenues as NVAX prioritizes monetizing Matrix-M through partners. Product sales were led by supply activity and direct demand for the company’s COVID-19 vaccine, Nuvaxovid, in a smaller set of markets, while partner-related revenues benefited from licensing activity across multiple counterparties.
Novavax recorded $42.2 million in product sales, down 93% year over year. This includes about $10 million from Nuvaxovid, reflecting sales primarily in Germany for the 2025-2026 season and the continued transition of commercial responsibility in Europe to Sanofi SNY. Supply sales were nearly $33 million, up 136% year over year, supported by higher demand for Matrix-M adjuvant from partners as well as COVID-19 supply to SNY.
Last year, Sanofi acquired exclusive rights to market Nuvaxovid globally, except in certain territories where Novavax maintains existing partnership agreements.
Licensing, royalties and other revenues totaled $97.3 million, including $30 million recognized as an upfront payment received from Pfizer PFE in connection with a non-exclusive license agreement for Matrix-M signed earlier this year. The metric increased 116% on a year-over-year basis.
Research and development (R&D) expenses totaled $95.5 million, up 7% year over year, driven by increased costs tied to post-marketing commitments and annual strain change activities. This figure does not include the $28 million of R&D reimbursement from Sanofi.
Selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses declined 40% to $29 million. This downside was primarily due to the transition of lead commercial activities to Sanofi and the elimination of Novavax’s commercial infrastructure.
As of March 31, 2026, Novavax had $795 million in cash and cash equivalents compared with $751 million in the previous quarter. Management also highlighted access to additional non-dilutive capital, including a new $330 million credit facility established in the first quarter, with an initial $50 million draw.
Based on quarter-end liquidity and anticipated partner reimbursements, management said it believes the company can fund operations into 2028 before considering any incremental cash flow from future upfront payments, milestones or royalties.
With Sanofi leading commercialization in key COVID-19 markets, NVAX continues to emphasize an adjusted revenue framework rather than total revenue guidance. For 2026, the company reiterated an adjusted total revenue outlook of $230 million to $270 million, which does not include any amounts receivable from SNY.
Novavax expects full-year combined R&D and SG&A expenses to be in the band of $380-$420 million. This figure excludes $70 million to $80 million in anticipated R&D reimbursements from Sanofi.
Novavax reiterated that adjusted combined R&D and SG&A expenses, inclusive of R&D reimbursements, are expected to be approximately $225 million in 2027 (at the midpoint).
For 2028, the company refined its target range to $150-$200 million from its prior goal of below $200 million.
Novavax continues to position Matrix-M as the centerpiece of its partnering strategy. During the quarter, the company emphasized that its non-exclusive model enables multiple companies to explore similar high-potential areas, which can increase the probability of downstream success and broaden potential royalty streams.
Operationally, management noted that it signed four new material transfer agreements in early 2026, including a new oncology-focused collaboration with a top-10 global pharmaceutical company last month. NVAX also pointed to expanding activity with existing counterparties, including a new agreement allowing preclinical work in up to nine additional infectious disease fields.
Beyond partnering, Novavax is selectively advancing internal R&D to support future deals and generate differentiated proof points. The company prioritized its Clostridium difficile colitis (C. Diff.) vaccine candidate as its next potential program to enter the clinic, targeting entry as early as 2027.
Management framed C. Diff. as a large unmet-need opportunity with no approved vaccine today and indicated the candidate is designed with broader coverage using multiple antigens, along with an emphasis on mucosal immunity, given the gut-based nature of infection. Novavax also stated that it is conducting an IND-enabling repeat-dose toxicity study and expects to pursue pre-IND discussions with the FDA to inform next steps.
 
Novavax, Inc. price | Novavax, Inc. Quote
Novavax currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.
Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
Sanofi (SNY) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Pfizer Inc. (PFE) : Free Stock Analysis Report
Novavax, Inc. (NVAX) : Free Stock Analysis Report
This article originally published on Zacks Investment Research (zacks.com).
Zacks Investment Research
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio