Title: Leadership lessons from Shaq and Authentic Brands CEO Jamie Salter
Date: 2026-05-07 16:15
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/leadership-lessons-from-shaq-and-authentic-brands-ceo-jamie-salter-161530494.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
Yahoo Finance Executive Editor Brian Sozzi catches up with Authentic Brands Group Founder, Chairman, and CEO Jamie Salter and his partner, NBA Hall of Famer, Entrepreneur, and TV Personality Shaquille O'Neal, live from the Milken Institute Conference in Beverly Hills.
Sometimes the business model may be broken, but the brand's still a good brand, right? And and I think when you look at sort of the brands that we bought and over the years, whether it's Reebok or Champion or it's Guess, the business model isn't always, you know, correct. And with Reebok, it's a really good example. They really were, you know, continuing to be rooted in sport, right? They've got out of basketball, they got out of football,
I still can't believe they got out of basketball.
Got out of hockey. They they got out of really, you know, sport. And Shaq's like, Jamie, we're gonna get into this and we're going right back into sport. I go, but, you know, Shaq, 60% of the business, it's classics, it's fashion. He says, you look after that piece of the puzzle, I'll look after the sports side. And sure enough, we're back in basketball, we're back in soccer, we're back in football, and now we're actually going back into hockey. So we're getting back to the roots of where Reebok started.
Jamie, I've never asked you this, but I'm going to ask you now. like, how do you find these opportunities? Your latest deal with Guess. Iconic brand we all grew up wearing. Like, how do you find these things?
Look, Guess is another situation, was a public company, you know, big company, right, doing $6 billion in revenue, uh, retail revenue around the globe. Uh, sat down with the owner and said to him, look, we think that guess is, you know, could be double in size. Uh, we would like to focus on content and the creativity side of our business, entertainment. And when you really think about, you know, guess, guess may be a fashion brand, but how did they get there, right? How did guess get to where they were?
The marketing was the ads.
It was the marketing, it was a machine, it was with the models and it was LA and you really go back to seeing how they built that brand and today brands are actually being built that way. Today content drives commerce. And that's how we're taking all the brands that are in the portfolio today is really focusing on the content side. Today, 18% of our total business and we're doing like I said, close to $38 billion in revenue, 18% of the business is rooted in the entertainment business.
And Shaq, how do you explain the resurgence in Reebok? Uh, because if you look at the competitors in the space, I mean, Nike's slowly melting away, but Reebok seems to be doing well.
I mean, you know, Jamie and his team, you know, we do a wonderful job of content. You know, we're very careful of the players we select. Uh one of our first selections was Angel Reese. Mhm. Uh, you know, my conversation with her was simple. You want to go to a company where there's 50 people or you want to help build this thing with me? And you know, get a piece of the action. So, you know, she's with us. Her shoe has since been sold out. Uh and you know, we just we just do things that are very, very, you know, strategic. You know, for me, it's, it's fun trying to reintroduce to the kids. Like, I take it personal. I'll go to a kid and they say, Oh, I never heard of Rebox. Well, you know Allen Iverson is? Oh, I know who I those all the AI's, those are Reebok. So, you know, trying to re-, you know, trying to reintroduce it to the youth has been fun and challenging, but you know, uh, like Jamie has said, we're we're doing excellent right now. We've doubled in business and we plan on continuing to grow.
How do you both deal with like disagreements? Like how who wins that one?
We don't have disagreements. We have We have we have respectful conversations. Uh I know who Jamie is and I know he's the expert in his space. But Jamie has always been a great listener and a great teacher. Like I can come with it with an idea and Jamie does a great job of breaking down why the idea will work or will not work. And that's good for me. So, you know, I, I understand pecking order. You know, to me, he would be my Pat Riley, my Jerry West, my Phil Jackson. So, you don't really have arguments, you have respectable conversations and, you know, you have to have that. You know, it can't be always be yes or you're right or you're wrong. Like, I he's the coach, he's the general manager, he's the president. I respect what he says.
He also, But he's the captain. He's the captain.
But as I said, what I love from him that every time we have a conversation, it's an educational moment for me.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio