Title: While Nike struggles, Shaq is overseeing a resurgence in Reebok
Date: 2026-05-07 16:59
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/article/while-nike-struggles-shaq-is-overseeing-a-resurgence-in-reebok-165946133.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
While Nike’s (NKE) stock sinks amid several quarters of disappointment, Reebok appears to be undergoing a revival of sorts.
“We do a wonderful job of content. We’re very careful of the players we select. One of our first selections was [WNBA star] Angel Reese … Her shoe has just been sold out,” NBA star Shaquille O’Neal told Yahoo Finance at the Milken Institute conference this week.
What challenges is Nike currently facing in the market?
What role does Shaquille O'Neal play in Reebok's revival?
How has Reebok's strategy changed under Authentic Brands Group?
How does Reebok's athlete recruitment strategy differ from Nike's?
The former Laker is now Reebok’s president of basketball and the second-largest individual shareholder in its parent company, Authentic Brands Group.
“We just do things that are very, very strategic,” he added. “You know, for me it’s trying to reintroduce Reebok to the kids … We’ve doubled in business [just like Authentic Brands Group CEO Jamie Salter has said] and we plan on continuing to grow.”
Reebok’s state of play: Led by founder and CEO Jamie Salter, Authentic Brands Group officially completed its acquisition of Reebok from Adidas (ADS.DE) on March 1, 2022, for $2.5 billion (€2.1 billion). Since the takeover, the company has leveraged Shaq to spearhead a brand revival.
In 2023, Reebok named Shaq as its first-ever president of Reebok Basketball. In this role, he is responsible for the brand’s basketball strategy, player recruitment, and athlete relationship-building.
Under Shaq’s leadership, Reebok signed its first major NIL (name, image, and likeness) deal with then LSU star Angel Reese in late 2023, signaling a shift toward younger, culturally relevant athletes to compete with Nike and Jordan Brand.
Shaq has been the face of the "Return of the Classics" campaign, reissuing iconic silhouettes like the Shaq Attack and Allen Iverson’s signature shoe, the Question.
Salter said the Reebok brand is just getting started.
“And sure enough, we’re back in basketball, we’re back in soccer, we’re back in football, and now we’re actually going back into hockey,” Salter told Yahoo Finance at the conference. “So we’re getting back to the roots of where Reebok started.”
About Nike’s troubles: Shares of the athletic wear giant plunged 15.5% on April 1, the first trading session following the company’s latest earnings report and guidance.
Nike is currently trading at $43.09, bringing the year-to-date drop to 33%. The stock is down 67% in the past five years.
"Turnaround premium multiple likely to fade,” Evercore ISI analyst Michael Binetti said. “Nike’s efforts to stabilize the P&L through a tougher turnaround (vs. taking more EPS pain upfront in the early stages of the strategy) seem to be prolonging the turnaround beyond what the market is likely to bear.”
The company’s earnings day was littered with red flags as it battles through a restructuring and tougher competition from the likes of Adidas and upstarts such as On.
On top of that was continued pressure on the all-important China business. Sales in China fell 10% from the prior year, with digital sales down 21% and wholesale off by 13%.
The other point of contention was guidance.
For Nike’s fiscal fourth quarter (the current quarter), management reported it expects sales down 2% to 4% and gross profit margins down 25 to 75 basis points. Citi analyst Paul Lejuez calculated Nike’s guidance equates to fourth quarter earnings per share guidance of $0.05 to $0.15, below consensus forecasts at the time for $0.20.
Bottom line: It’s good to see Reebok back in the game and doing well. As for Nike, its comeback will likely have to wait a few more quarters.
Brian Sozzi is Yahoo Finance's Executive Editor and a member of Yahoo Finance's editorial leadership team. Follow Sozzi on X @BrianSozzi, Instagram, and LinkedIn. Tips on stories? Email brian.sozzi@yahoofinance.com.
Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock prices
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio