Title: Nike Says ‘Ciao’ to ‘Denaro Puro’ Air Jordan 4 Trademark Claims
Date: 2026-05-06 16:00
URL: https://www.sportico.com/law/analysis/2026/nike-pure-money-denaro-puro-trademark-lawsuit-1234891986/?.tsrc=rss


							By 

	Michael McCann

Legal Analyst and Senior Sports Legal Reporter

Nike this week convinced a judge in the Southern District of New York to dismiss claims accusing the company of unlawful trademark activities over the phrase “Denaro Puro.”

	“Denaro Puro” is Italian for “Pure Money,” a slogan Nike has used to promote Air Jordan 4 sneakers since 2007.

	U.S. Patent and Trademark Office records indicate that businessman Jamaal Russ first used Denaro Puro for commercial purposes in 2016. Six years later, the USPTO registered Denaro Puro to Russ for various clothing and footwear products, including dresses, shirts, skirts, bathing suits, hoodies, hats and shoes.



	Russ, who designs custom streetwear apparel, is behind the Denaro Puro brand. Russ sued Nike in 2025, and his case has changed over the course of the litigation.

	


Russ v. Nike began with trademark infringement claims that accused Nike of infringing the Denaro Puro trademark when using Pure Money to promote Air Jordan 4. Nike argued that this claim wasn’t meritorious because, to the extent the company used Pure Money as a trademark, it would have happened beginning in 2007—nearly a decade before Russ used Denaro Puro in commerce and 15 years before he received a trademark registration.

	Nike also counterclaimed against Russ, arguing that his sale of shoes infringes on Nike’s trade dress rights, which cover the look and feel of Air Jordan 4. Trade dress rights are different from trademark rights, which center on brand names, logos and slogans. 

	Nike also clarified that it didn’t assert ownership of Pure Money as a trademark and doesn’t claim the use of Denaro Puro infringes on the use of Pure Money. In fact, Nike argued that Denaro Puro and Pure Money are sufficiently “dissimilar” and trademark infringement claims pitting those terms against one another should fail.

	The current state of the case entails Russ demanding a court declaration that his use of Denaro Puro doesn’t infringe Nike, that Nike’s trade dress claims are invalid, and that Nike’s rights in Pure Money are unenforceable with respect to Denaro Puro. He also argues Nike is liable under New York law for unfair competition on account of allegedly making “infringement threats.”

	U.S. District Judge Jeannette A. Vargas on Monday dismissed the claims at issue in Nike’s motion to dismiss. She stressed that Nike hasn’t asserted trademark rights or ownership in Pure Money and hasn’t claimed Denaro Puro is infringing on trademark rights. Judge Vargas also highlighted how Nike hasn’t demanded Russ stop using Denaro Puro or Pure Money.

	


	Further, the judge didn’t find a plausible case for unfair competition. 

	Judge Vargas explained that unfair competition can involve palming off an inferior product as a superior one or misappropriating the labors of a competitor, and it requires a showing of likelihood of confusion or deception of consumers. She noted that none of those factors are present with Nike, in part because Russ doesn’t allege that Nike’s use of Pure Money or sale of Air Jordan 4 sneakers is likely to cause confusion. 

	In fact, Judge Vargas emphasized Russ “alleges the logical inverse” by asserting “Denaro Puro differs [from Pure Money] in language, presentation, branding context, and commercial impression and is not likely to cause consumer confusion.”

	The long and short of it is that Russ can keep on using Denaro Puro and Nike can keep on using Pure Money, and those who don’t already know both Italian and English can now translate at least one term.

	Nike is represented by Marc Miller and Tamar Duvdevani of DLA Piper in the litigation.
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our daily newsletter
Sportico is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2026 Sportico Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Move the toggle to the left (grey color) and click “Confirm My Choices” to indicate that you do not want us to sell or share your personal information as described above and that you want us to limit the use of your sensitive personal information to only those purposes permitted by California law. You must indicate your choice on each computer/browser you use to access our services and fill out the opt out form above for non-cookie-based data. If you clear your cookies or your browser is set to do so, you must opt out using the toggle again.

Thank you for letting us know.
This ad has already been reported.