Title: Best CD rates today, May 7, 2026 (lock in up to 4% APY)
Date: 2026-05-07 10:00
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/personal-finance/banking/article/best-cd-rates-today-thursday-may-7-2026-100000528.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Trump’s latest tariff defeat could give businesses a 2-month reprieve before new duties are imposed
Trade court strikes down Trump's 10% blanket tariffs
The Dow slipped, while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq retreated from record highs as the AI trade took a breather
US stocks tick up in wait for Iran-US deal update, as earnings roll in
The hottest neighborhoods in the country are almost all in the Midwest or Florida. Here's why.
A top Iranian official is in China. It's setting the tone for Trump’s meeting with Xi next week.
The Dow jumped 600 points while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq hit records amid a tech-driven rally
The Nasdaq gained 1.4% as strong tech earnings fueled the AI trade
'Sell in May' has been a bad strategy this century
Stocks rose at the open amid rising hopes for an Iran peace deal, upbeat tech earnings
Anthropic's CEO says a big shift is coming for software companies — and some will 'completely go bust'
AMD stock leaps on earnings beat, better-than-expected outlook
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records as tech stocks rose and oil fell
US stocks rise at the open as oil retreats, wave of solid earnings rolls in
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
Some offers on this page are from advertisers who pay us, which may affect which products we write about, but not our recommendations. See our Advertiser Disclosure.
Find out which banks are offering the best CD rates right now. If you’re looking for a secure place to store your savings, a certificate of deposit (CD) may be a great choice. These accounts often provide higher interest rates than traditional checking and savings accounts. However, CD rates can vary widely.
Learn more about where CD rates stand today and how to find the best rates available.
CD rates are relatively high compared to historical averages. That said, CD rates have been on the decline since last year when the Federal Reserve began cutting its target rate. The good news is that several financial institutions offer competitive rates of 4% APY and up, particularly online banks.
Today, May 7, 2026, the highest CD rate is 4% APY. This rate is offered by Marcus by Goldman Sachs on its 9-month CD.
Here is a look at some of the best CD rates available today from our verified partners:
The Federal Reserve began decreasing the federal funds rate in light of slowing inflation and an overall improved economic outlook. It cut its target rate three times in late 2024 by a total of one percentage point.
Back in December, the Fed announced its third rate cut of 2025. However, it's uncertain when or if the Fed will cut rates again in 2026. So far in 2026, the Fed has left rates unchanged.
The federal funds rate doesn’t directly impact deposit interest rates, though they are correlated. When the Fed lowers rates, financial institutions typically follow suit (and vice versa). So now that the Fed has lowered rates and kept them low, CD rates are trending lower again. That’s why now may be a good time to put your money in a CD and lock in today’s best rates.
The process for opening a CD account varies by financial institution. However, there are a few general steps you can expect to follow:
Research CD rates: One of the most important factors to consider when opening a CD is whether the account provides a competitive rate. You can easily compare CD rates online to find the best offers.
Choose an account that meets your needs: While a CD’s interest rate is a key consideration, it shouldn’t be the only one. You should also evaluate the CD’s term length, minimum opening deposit requirements, and fees to ensure a particular account fits your financial needs and goals. For example, you want to avoid choosing a CD term that’s too long, otherwise you’ll be subject to an early withdrawal penalty if you need to pull out your funds before the CD matures.
Get your documents ready: When opening a bank account, you will need to provide a few pieces of information, including your Social Security number, address, and driver’s license or passport number. Having these documents on hand will help streamline the application process.
Complete the application: These days, many financial institutions allow you to apply for an account online, though you might have to visit the branch in some cases. Either way, the application for a new CD should only take a few minutes to complete. And in many cases, you’ll get your approval decision instantly.
Fund the account: Once your CD application is approved, it’s time to fund the account. This can usually be done by transferring money from another account or mailing a check.
Read more: Step-by-step instructions for opening a CD
What are CD rate predictions for 2026?
Which banks offer the best CD rates today?
What steps are needed to open a CD?
How do Federal Reserve decisions affect CD rates?
We identified the best CD rates and accounts available today based on interest rates, fees, and more. See our top picks across 6-month, 1-year, 18-month, and 2-year terms.
Are CD rates expected to go up or down next year? Here’s what the experts think about where CD rates are headed in 2026.
A 2-year CD allows you to lock in a guaranteed rate on your savings for the next 24 months. See which banks have the best 2-year CD rates today.
Fed rate cuts cause CD rates to fall. So, with the next Fed meeting coming up — and a rate cut likely — now is a good time to open a CD and lock in today's high rates.
Compare today's best 1-year CD rates, see which banks offer the highest yields, and learn how to lock in a guaranteed return on your savings.
A 6-month CD allows you to lock in a guaranteed rate on your savings without tying up your money for an extended period. See which banks have the best 6-month CD rates today.