Title: Did Berkshire's annual meeting feel the same without Buffett_
Date: 2026-05-04 13:36
URL: https://finance.yahoo.com/video/did-berkshires-annual-meeting-feel-the-same-without-buffett-133635512.html?.tsrc=rss

Oops, something went wrong
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Spirit Airlines is gone. Here are the low-cost airlines filling the gap.
Court documents show Musk warned OpenAI execs they would become 'the most hated men in America' days before the trial began
Palantir beats earnings expectations, with revenue rising 85% on booming US business
Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq drop, oil surges as Middle East attacks escalate
GameStop’s CEO dodged questions on funding the deal, leaving investors uneasy
Dow sags while S&P 500, Nasdaq waver as Hormuz tensions rise
Why trade deficits under Trump are so difficult to understand (and so easy to spin)
Buying record highs looks riskier in the Nasdaq and Russell 2000 than in the broader market
Would a gas tax holiday lower prices? What drivers should know.
Wall Street sees more market gains as strong earnings fuel the AI trade
The April jobs report and more major first quarter results await investors this week.
April added roughly $1.2 trillion to Alphabet’s market value, or just over 50 times Google’s IPO valuation.
Toto Wolff on Mercedes F1's dominant start, the 'outstanding' Kimi Antonelli, and why vulnerability is a leader's 'superpower'
The average cost of college in 2026 (and how to pay for it)
Network shakeups hit Medicare Advantage, forcing retirees to pay up or find new care
Jerome Powell's Fed years were an everything rally
The Iran War almost upended spring homebuying, but so far the market is showing 'surprising resilience'
Berkshire Hathaway's profits double as shareholders gather for the annual meeting in Omaha (Associated Press)
Bankrupt carrier Spirit Airlines ceased operations Saturday, the industry's first closure linked to the Iran war.
If Spirit Airlines shuts down, travel chaos could ramp up. Here's how to protect your summer travel plans.
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq jumped to record highs as the AI trade fueled a tech rally
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq advanced after hitting record highs as earnings rolled in
Apple's earnings beat is part of an amazing trend
AI developers are snapping up Mac minis, sparking a shortage that could drag on for months
Apple beats earnings estimates on strong iPhone and China sales
Dow jumps 750 points, S&P 500 and Nasdaq notch record highs to end the best month for stocks since 2020
The AI earnings bonanza is splitting investors
Trump bets Hormuz blockade will break Iran before triggering a global crisis
US stocks climb as economic updates, solid earnings roll in and Big Techs buoy AI hopes
Nvidia has powered one third of the Mag 7's bull market gains
Results from four Big Tech companies showed combined AI spending reaching an eye-popping $725 billion this year.
Microsoft tops earnings estimates, says AI business up 123% year over year
Meta stock falls despite earnings beat as AI spending plans spook investors
Alphabet earnings top estimates on strong Google Cloud growth
The Dow and S&P 500 slipped as oil surged, with Big Tech earnings on deck
Powell will stay on as governor, says he has no choice amid legal attacks on Fed
Powell holds what is expected to be his final press conference as chair after the Fed keeps rates steady
Fed holds interest rates steady with no end to Iran war in sight
Elon Musk testified again in the OpenAI trial, describing his behavior at the company and its nonprofit 'halo'
A Senate committee confirmed Kevin Warsh, sending his nomination to be chairman of the Fed to the full Senate
Stocks slipped at the open as investors awaited a Fed decision and Big Tech earnings
The Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq dropped as chip stocks sank and oil rose
S&P 500 and Nasdaq sink, Dow rises as OpenAI-linked stocks falter and UAE exits OPEC
The United Arab Emirates will leave OPEC+ effective May 1
The only number that matters for 'Magnificent 7' earnings this week
The S&P 500 and Nasdaq notched fresh records, while oil edged higher as markets weighed Iran peace odds
Gasoline prices are expected to turn higher as oil holds above $100 per barrel amid uncertainty over the US-Iran war
US stocks open mixed as markets brace for a big week of Big Tech earnings.
The rapid run-up in chip stocks has reignited the AI trade as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq sit at record highs.
Americans are feeling less confident about their retirement savings. Here are some of the best ways to get started early.
The above button links to Coinbase. Yahoo Finance is not a broker-dealer or investment adviser and does not offer securities or cryptocurrencies for sale or facilitate trading. Coinbase pays us for certain activity generated through this link. Prices displayed are informational.
Berkshire Hathaway (BRK-A, BRK-B) CEO Greg Abel presided over his first annual shareholder meeting since taking over as chief executive from Warren Buffett at the start of this year. Buffett is still the company's executive chairman.
Morning Brief Host Julie Hyman Barron's Investor Circle Newsletter editor Josh Schafer react to Berkshire's stock buyback program and the takeaways from the event.
Let's talk about the next um topic that we're watching this morning. What is which is Berkshire Hathaway, which had it's first meeting this weekend that was presided over by Greg Abel, not by Warren Buffett.
And um, you know, it's sort of it it did feel like a disappointment. It did feel like a come down. and, um, you know, I was reading some commentary by one of your colleagues, uh, this morning where he talked about uh the company buying back some stock last quarter but like then stopping, not doing continuous buybacks, which
indicates that the company's not so jazzed about buying its own stock right now. And if they're not excited about it, why should anybody be excited about it?
Right. if you look at who a normal Berkshire investor is, it's a value investor. And so if you look at the book to value on Berkshire and it looks attractive, which a lot of Berkshire investors would argue it is, then you should be buying back your stock. And so to come out and say we're buying back the stock and then they bought something in the millions that really just wasn't significant.
They have $380 billion dollars in cash. What are you doing with it? I think was the key question going into the weekend and investors leave wondering the same exact thing. And I think my takeaway from the weekend was just I think we're kind of done with this event a little bit. Like Warren still was a part of it a little bit on Saturday, but over time as he obviously becomes less a part of it,
It's just a shareholder meeting. City's holding a shareholder meeting this week. We're not going to watch it on TV. Maybe you'll look at the headlines if they say something interesting, but it's just going to become a normal shareholder meeting for people that own the shares that are interested in it.
Yeah, maybe they'll still go and buy Brook's sneakers on the floor.
Yeah, the vibe still looked fun. They had a Greg Abel Squishmallow and those sort of fun things and C's candies and all those kinds of things still exist. So it's an event for people that are into it, but the reason that we used to all tune into it was really to hear what Warren Buffett thought about broader things going on. Warren Buffett's take on AI, Warren Buffett's take on cyber security, which was a part of Saturday, but you you were looking for those kind of things. What would Warren Buffett have said about the CEO transition at Apple?
That would have been a big question going into last weekend. And now you just don't have any of those sort of answers. So it becomes a little bit of a shoulder shrug. This year you had the intrigue of okay, first time in the seat. Now I think that the first time in the seat intrigue is over.
Yeah.
Maybe the live stream ends. Like
They're not, I don't think uh interesting.
The syndication of the live stream I think would be interesting.
Maybe so. Maybe so. I mean, and Buffett did give an interview, but he didn't really it was the hits, right? He talked about the casino like atmosphere and the stock market. He didn't say anything new um during that. I you know, our our old colleague Sam Roe did flag that that and had an interesting take on the cybersecurity thing that where there um Berkshire itself made a deep fake of Warren Buffett to highlight the risks of cybersecurity. So that was kind of a clever moment.
cyber security has been an interesting one too that I feel like has just been talked about a little bit less depend unless you're talking to a cyber security analyst and they'll play out how the rise of AI is so important. But some of those stocks were getting sold off with software over the last couple months. We just picked Palo Alto at the Baron's Investor circle last week, basically arguing it had been sold off too much. The cyber security role as everything becomes more automated should only increase, not decrease. And so I thought that was an interesting point by Berkshire and also just showing how good it is. I think Buffett has always been interested in technology that truly is transcendent and so for them to use a deep fake that did look very real,
it proves a point to a lot of people and he knows when he's doing it with himself that people will pay attention to it.
But is Berkshire invested in cyber security? Like or they were just kind of making the point that like everybody needs to be on guard. But they don't own any cyber security companies, do they?
Uh not in their top holdings that I'm aware of. I think it was be aware of it and then maybe it was also Warren knowing that once he's gone, those kinds of videos are going to surface. Because they made it
People should be aware of those.
On Saturday, they made the video look like he was asking a question to Greg Abel, so it looked like current day. You could also easily make a deep fake and say that he said something in 2005. Or right before the great financial. You could start going back in important times in history and being like, remember when Warren Buffett said X or Y? And that is a scary thing and it's a scary thing I think particularly for him. He doesn't want the history that he has created and sort of his book that he's written to be altered just because people can now play with things.
Weʼre unable to load stories right now.
Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results
Sign in to access your portfolio